CTA
 ABDOMEN PELVIS LOWER EXTREMITIESCLINICAL HISTORY: Chronic 
limb-threatening ischemia. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: Helical 3 mm 
axial slices of the abdomen, pelvis, and lower extremities were 
performed with the intravenous administration of 80 mL of Ultravist 370.
 Multiplanar reformats. CTDI vol (mGy): 279. DLP (mGycm): 1258. 
FINDINGS: Limited visualization of the lower thorax demonstrates clear 
lung fields. Liver, spleen, adrenals, and pancreas are unremarkable. 
Both kidneys demonstrate normal size and parenchymal attenuation. No 
renal lesions or hydronephrosis. Gallbladder is present with no 
gallstones or wall thickening. The small and large bowel caliber is 
within normal limits. No mesenteric adenopathy or ascites. The bladder 
is partially filled with no intraluminal mass or wall thickening. No 
evidence of prior bowel resection. No hernia or hip arthroplasty. Mild 
degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine. CTA: The caliber of the
 visualized thoracic and abdominal aorta is within normal limits. 
Moderate atherosclerotic plaque is present in the abdominal aorta. The 
celiac axis, superior mesenteric artery, and inferior mesenteric artery 
are patent without significant stenosis. Both renal arteries are patent 
without significant stenosis. Both internal and external iliac arteries 
are patent with moderate atherosclerotic plaque bilaterally. Moderate 
atherosclerotic plaque is seen within both common femoral arteries. The 
proximal superficial femoral arteries demonstrate severe stenosis 
bilaterally. Severe stenosis is also observed within Hunter's canal for 
both right and left superficial femoral arteries. Both popliteal 
arteries demonstrate severe stenosis. In the lower calves, there is 
severe disease. The right anterior tibial artery is occluded with only 
faint distal reconstitution. The right posterior tibial artery 
demonstrates severe stenosis, while the right peroneal artery is 
occluded. On the left calf, the left anterior tibial artery and the left
 posterior tibial artery are both occluded with minimal distal 
reconstitution. The left peroneal artery demonstrates severe stenosis. 
IMPRESSION: Severe atherosclerotic disease in the lower extremities with
 bilateral occlusions and severe stenosis, consistent with chronic 
limb-threatening ischemia. Moderate atherosclerotic disease in the 
aortic and iliac arteries. No significant mesenteric or renal artery 
disease.