CTA
 ABDOMEN PELVIS LOWER EXTREMITIESCLINICAL HISTORY: Lower extremity deep 
vein thrombosis. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: 3 mm axial slices of the 
abdomen, pelvis, and lower extremities were performed with the 
intravenous administration of 80 mL of Ultravist 370. Multiplanar 
reformats. CTDI vol (mGy): __. DLP (mGycm): __. FINDINGS: Limited 
visualization of the lower thorax demonstrates clear lung fields. Liver,
 spleen, adrenals, and pancreas are unremarkable. Both kidneys 
demonstrate normal size and parenchymal attenuation. No renal lesions or
 hydronephrosis. Gallbladder is present with no gallstones or wall 
thickening. The small and large bowel caliber is within normal limits. 
No mesenteric adenopathy or ascites. The bladder is partially filled 
with no intraluminal mass or wall thickening. No evidence of prior bowel
 resection. No hernia or hip arthroplasty. Mild degenerative changes of 
the thoracolumbar spine. CTA: The caliber of the visualized thoracic and
 abdominal aorta is within normal limits. Mild atherosclerotic plaque is
 present in the abdominal aorta. The celiac axis, superior mesenteric 
artery, and inferior mesenteric artery are patent without significant 
stenosis. Both renal arteries are patent without significant stenosis. 
Both internal and external iliac arteries are patent with mild 
atherosclerotic plaque bilaterally. Minimal atherosclerotic plaque is 
seen within both common femoral arteries. The proximal superficial 
femoral arteries are patent with mild atherosclerosis. No significant 
stenosis is observed within Hunter's canal for both right and left 
superficial femoral arteries. Both popliteal arteries are patent without
 significant stenosis. In the lower calves, the arterial system is 
patent. However, evidence of acute deep vein thrombosis is seen in the 
left posterior tibial vein and the left peroneal vein. No deep vein 
thrombosis is observed in the right lower extremity. IMPRESSION: Acute 
deep vein thrombosis in the left posterior tibial vein and the left 
peroneal vein. Mild atherosclerotic disease in the lower extremities. No
 significant aortic-iliac disease.