CTA
 ABDOMEN & PELVISHISTORY: Suspected mesenteric ischemia.  TECHNIQUE:
 Oral contrast was administered to the patient. The patient was fully 
informed of the nature and risks of intravenous contrast. Written 
informed consent was granted. Non-ionic contrast was administered 
intravenously without complication. A helical CT was acquired from the 
lung bases through the symphysis pubis. Maximum intensity pixel images 
were reconstructed and reviewed as well. Images were reviewed in lung 
windows, bone windows, and abdominal windows. Delayed images were also 
acquired.  FINDINGS: Abdomen: The lung bases are clear, and the heart is
 not enlarged. There is no aneurysmal dilatation of the aorta, but 
moderate atherosclerotic calcification is noted. Bony structures are 
age-appropriate, and muscular structures appear intact. The liver, 
spleen, adrenal glands, and gallbladder are morphologically normal with 
typical enhancement. The pancreas demonstrates a 2.8 cm cystic lesion in
 the tail, likely representing a pancreatic cyst or pseudocyst. No free 
air, free fluid, or inflammatory change is observed. The stomach and 
visualized portions of the small bowel and large bowel appear normal. 
There is no evidence of mesenteric ischemia, and no portal, 
retroperitoneal, or mesenteric adenopathy is present. There is no 
omental caking.  Pelvis: The ureters have a normal course and caliber. 
The bladder exhibits a normal configuration. The prostate gland is 
unremarkable. Bony, muscular, and vascular structures are 
age-appropriate, with no aneurysmal dilatation of arterial structures. 
No free air, free fluid, or inflammatory change is present. The 
visualized portions of the small bowel are normal. Mild diverticulosis 
is present in the sigmoid colon, without radiographic evidence for 
diverticulitis. No pelvic or inguinal adenopathy is observed.  
IMPRESSION: Abdomen:  2.8 cm cystic lesion in the tail of the pancreas, 
likely representing a pancreatic cyst or pseudocyst. Further evaluation 
with MRI or EUS may be considered. Moderate atherosclerotic 
calcification without evidence of aneurysmal dilatation of the aorta. 
Pelvis:  Mild diverticulosis without radiographic evidence for 
diverticulitis. No evidence of mesenteric ischemia.