CTA
 ABDOMEN PELVIS LOWER EXTREMITIESCLINICAL HISTORY: Peripheral arterial 
disease with claudication. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: Helical 3 mm 
axial slices of the abdomen, pelvis, and lower extremities were 
performed with the intravenous administration of 80 mL of Ultravist 370.
 Multiplanar reformats. CTDI vol (mGy):__. DLP (mGy*cm): __. FINDINGS: 
Limited visualization of the lower thorax demonstrates clear lung 
fields. Liver, spleen, adrenals, and pancreas are unremarkable. Both 
kidneys demonstrate normal size and parenchymal attenuation. No renal 
lesions or hydronephrosis. Gallbladder is present with no gallstones or 
wall thickening. The small and large bowel caliber is within normal 
limits. No mesenteric adenopathy or ascites. The bladder is partially 
filled with no intraluminal mass or wall thickening. No evidence of 
prior bowel resection. No hernia or hip arthroplasty. Mild degenerative 
changes of the thoracolumbar spine. CTA: The caliber of the visualized 
thoracic and abdominal aorta is within normal limits. Mild 
atherosclerotic plaque is present in the abdominal aorta. The celiac 
axis, superior mesenteric artery, and inferior mesenteric artery are 
patent. Both renal arteries are patent without significant stenosis. 
Both internal and external iliac arteries are patent with mild 
atherosclerotic plaque bilaterally. Minimal atherosclerotic plaque is 
seen within both common femoral arteries. No streak artifact or other 
limitations are noted. The proximal superficial femoral arteries are 
patent with mild atherosclerosis. Moderate narrowing of the right 
superficial femoral artery is observed within Hunter's canal. Mild 
narrowing of the left superficial femoral artery is noted just distal to
 Hunter's canal. Mild stenosis of the proximal left popliteal artery is 
present. However, within the popliteal fossa, both popliteal arteries 
are patent. In the lower calves, there is mild to moderate disease. 
Moderate stenosis of the right peroneal trunk is observed just beyond 
the right anterior tibial artery takeoff. Mild stenosis of the right 
anterior tibial artery with continuous flow distally. The posterior 
tibial artery is patent with minimal stenosis. On the left calf, 
findings are similar. Mild stenosis of the proximal left anterior tibial
 artery and the posterior tibial artery is observed, with continuous 
flow in both anterior and posterior tibial arteries. IMPRESSION: Mild to
 moderate stenosis within the distal superficial femoral arteries and 
proximal popliteal arteries bilaterally. Mild to moderate stenosis 
observed within both calves. No significant aortic-iliac disease.