CTA
 ABDOMEN PELVIS LOWER EXTREMITIESCLINICAL HISTORY: Chronic mesenteric 
ischemia. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: 3 mm axial slices of the abdomen,
 pelvis, and lower extremities were performed with the intravenous 
administration of 80 mL of Ultravist 370. Multiplanar reformats. CTDI 
vol (mGy): __. DLP (mGycm): __. FINDINGS: Limited visualization of the 
lower thorax demonstrates clear lung fields. Liver, spleen, adrenals, 
and pancreas are unremarkable. Both kidneys demonstrate normal size and 
parenchymal attenuation. No renal lesions or hydronephrosis. Gallbladder
 is present with no gallstones or wall thickening. The small and large 
bowel caliber is within normal limits. No ascites. The bladder is 
partially filled with no intraluminal mass or wall thickening. No 
evidence of prior bowel resection. No hernia or hip arthroplasty. Mild 
degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine. CTA: The caliber of the
 visualized thoracic and abdominal aorta is within normal limits. Mild 
atherosclerotic plaque is present in the abdominal aorta. The celiac 
axis is patent with moderate stenosis. The superior mesenteric artery 
demonstrates severe stenosis, while the inferior mesenteric artery is 
patent with mild stenosis. Both renal arteries are patent without 
significant stenosis. Both internal and external iliac arteries are 
patent with mild atherosclerotic plaque bilaterally. Minimal 
atherosclerotic plaque is seen within both common femoral arteries. The 
proximal superficial femoral arteries are patent with mild 
atherosclerosis. No significant stenosis is observed within Hunter's 
canal for both right and left superficial femoral arteries. Both 
popliteal arteries are patent without significant stenosis. In the lower
 calves, there is mild disease. Mild stenosis of the right peroneal 
trunk is observed just beyond the right anterior tibial artery takeoff. 
The posterior tibial artery is patent with minimal stenosis. On the left
 calf, findings are similar. Mild stenosis of the proximal left anterior
 tibial artery and the posterior tibial artery is observed, with 
continuous flow in both anterior and posterior tibial arteries. 
IMPRESSION: Severe stenosis of the superior mesenteric artery, 
suggesting chronic mesenteric ischemia. Mild atherosclerotic disease in 
the lower extremities. No significant aortic-iliac disease.