CTA
 ABDOMEN PELVIS LOWER EXTREMITIESCLINICAL HISTORY: Suspected abdominal 
aortic aneurysm. COMPARISON: None.TECHNIQUE: Helical 3 mm axial slices 
of the abdomen, pelvis, and lower extremities were performed with the 
intravenous administration of 80 mL of Ultravist 370. Multiplanar 
reformats. CTDI vol (mGy): __. DLP (mGycm): __. FINDINGS: Limited 
visualization of the lower thorax demonstrates clear lung fields. Liver,
 spleen, adrenals, and pancreas are unremarkable. Both kidneys 
demonstrate normal size and parenchymal attenuation. No renal lesions or
 hydronephrosis. Gallbladder is present with no gallstones or wall 
thickening. The small and large bowel caliber is within normal limits. 
No mesenteric adenopathy or ascites. The bladder is partially filled 
with no intraluminal mass or wall thickening. No evidence of prior bowel
 resection. No hernia or hip arthroplasty. Mild degenerative changes of 
the thoracolumbar spine. CTA: A fusiform abdominal aortic aneurysm is 
present, measuring approximately 4.2 cm in maximal diameter. The celiac 
axis, superior mesenteric artery, and inferior mesenteric artery are 
patent without significant stenosis. Both renal arteries are patent. 
Both internal and external iliac arteries are patent with mild 
atherosclerotic plaque bilaterally. Minimal atherosclerotic plaque is 
seen within both common femoral arteries. The proximal superficial 
femoral arteries are patent with mild atherosclerosis. Mild narrowing of
 the right superficial femoral artery is observed within Hunter's canal.
 No significant stenosis of the left superficial femoral artery. Both 
popliteal arteries are patent without significant stenosis. In the lower
 calves, there is mild disease. Mild stenosis of the right peroneal 
trunk is observed just beyond the right anterior tibial artery takeoff. 
The posterior tibial artery is patent with minimal stenosis. On the left
 calf, findings are similar. Mild stenosis of the proximal left anterior
 tibial artery and the posterior tibial artery is observed, with 
continuous flow in both anterior and posterior tibial arteries. 
IMPRESSION: Fusiform abdominal aortic aneurysm measuring approximately 
4.2 cm in maximal diameter. Mild atherosclerotic disease in the lower 
extremities. No significant aortic-iliac disease.