EXAM:
  CHEST W/CONTRAST CT EXAM DATE: __.CLINICAL HISTORY: A 58-year-old male
 with a history of chronic cough and weight loss. Suspected underlying 
malignancy. COMPARISON: Chest x-ray dated __. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar and
 multi-phase chest CT was performed with and without the administration 
of intravenous contrast. CTDIvol: 12.80 mGy DLP: 480 mGy-cm FINDINGS: 
3.2 x 2.7 cm spiculated mass in the right upper lobe (series 4, image 
37) with adjacent bronchial wall thickening and irregularity. The mass 
demonstrates heterogeneous enhancement following contrast 
administration. Several scattered pulmonary nodules are also noted, the 
largest measuring 7 mm in the left lower lobe (series 4, image 72). No 
pleural or pericardial effusion is identified. 2.0 x 1.5 cm right 
paratracheal lymph node (series 3, image 25), as well as multiple 
subcarinal lymph nodes, the largest measuring 1.4 x 1.2 cm (series 3, 
image 42). The right hilar region demonstrates prominent lymph nodes 
measuring up to 2.2 x 1.9 cm (series 3, image 32). No evidence of 
mediastinal invasion or vascular encasement is noted. No pleural 
thickening or plaques are identified. There are no pleural or 
pericardial effusions. There are no chest wall masses or osseous 
lesions. The heart size is within normal limits. Calcified 
atherosclerotic plaques are noted in the aortic arch and proximal 
coronary arteries. There is no evidence of suspicious lytic or blastic 
lesions. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic 
spine. Unenhanced evaluation of the visualized upper abdomen is grossly 
unremarkable. IMPRESSION: 3.2 x 2.7 cm spiculated mass in the right 
upper lobe with adjacent bronchial wall thickening and irregularity, 
highly concerning for primary lung malignancy. Multiple scattered 
pulmonary nodules, raising concern for metastatic disease. Enlarged 
right paratracheal, subcarinal, and right hilar lymph nodes, suggestive 
of nodal metastases. No pleural or pericardial effusion, and no 
mediastinal invasion or vascular encasement. Multilevel degenerative 
changes in the thoracic spine.