EXAM:
 CHEST CT SCAN WITHOUT CONTRAST CLINICAL HISTORY: A 68-year-old male 
with a history of smoking, chronic cough, and dyspnea, suspicion of 
emphysema. COMPARISON: Chest x-ray dated __. TECHNIQUE: CT chest without
 contrast was performed. CTDIvol: 11.8 mGy. DLP: 420 mGy*cm. FINDINGS: 
There is diffuse centrilobular emphysema involving both lungs, more 
pronounced in the upper lobes, characterized by multiple areas of low 
attenuation and destruction of pulmonary parenchyma with associated 
vascular attenuation. No focal lung masses, nodules, or significant 
areas of consolidation are identified. A few scattered subpleural bullae
 are present bilaterally, the largest in the right upper lobe measuring 
approximately 1.8 x 1.2 cm. The trachea and main bronchi are patent with
 no significant wall thickening or stenosis. There is no significant 
mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. The heart size is within normal 
limits, with mild atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary 
arteries. No pericardial effusion is noted. The visualized portions of 
the thoracic aorta are unremarkable without dissection or aneurysm. The 
pleura is unremarkable, with no pleural thickening, nodularity, or 
effusion. The chest wall is normal in appearance without masses, soft 
tissue abnormalities, or osseous lesions. Mild degenerative changes are 
noted in the visualized thoracic spine. Unenhanced evaluation of the 
visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Diffuse 
centrilobular emphysema involving both lungs, more pronounced in the 
upper lobes, consistent with the patient's smoking history. Scattered 
subpleural bullae, the largest in the right upper lobe, without 
pneumothorax.