EXAM:
 CHEST CT SCAN WITH CONTRAST EXAM DATE: __.HISTORY: 47-year-old female 
with persistent right lower chest pain and fever. Suspected infection. 
Time: 3/20/2023 at 1415 hrs. COMPARISON: Chest x-ray performed __. 
TECHNIQUE: Volumetric scanning was conducted of the chest utilizing 3 mm
 collimation at 3 mm intervals after administering 90 mL of nonionic 
Ultravist 370 contrast. DLP = 910.00 mGy*cm. FINDINGS: There are 
moderate right-sided pleural effusions and mild left-sided pleural 
effusions. Patchy consolidation and infiltrates are observed in the 
right lower lobe. No pulmonary nodules or masses are detected. No 
pneumothorax is present. Mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes appear normal
 in size. The heart, pericardium, great vessels, and mediastinum are 
within normal limits. The tracheobronchial tree is patent and 
unremarkable. The visualized portions of the liver, spleen, and pancreas
 appear unremarkable. No gallstones or signs of cholecystitis are 
identified. Both kidneys appear normal in size and attenuation, without 
evidence of perinephric stranding or hydronephrosis. There is no free 
fluid in the abdomen. Mild degenerative changes are observed in the 
thoracic spine. The adjacent osseous structures and soft tissues appear 
unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Moderate right-sided and mild left-sided 
pleural effusions. Patchy consolidation and infiltrates in the right 
lower lobe, raising suspicion for pneumonia. Clinical correlation and 
treatment are recommended. No evidence of pulmonary nodules, masses, or 
pneumothorax. Mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes are normal in size. No 
abnormalities detected in the visualized upper abdominal structures.