HISTORY:
 52-year-old female presenting with persistent cough and fatigue. 
Evaluate for possible lung infection or mass. TIME: __ at __. 
COMPARISON: Chest x-ray performed __.TECHNIQUE: Volumetric scanning of 
the chest was carried out using 3 mm collimation at 3 mm intervals after
 administering 90 ml of a nonionic contrast agent. DLP = 1202.30 mGy*cm.
 FINDINGS: There is a mild bilateral pleural effusion with trace left 
basilar atelectasis. No signs of empyema or abscess formation are 
evident. A 3 mm pleural-based nodule is detected in the left upper lobe 
(image #38). A subcentimeter pulmonary nodule is seen adjacent to the 
left major fissure (image #46). A small nodule is present in the right 
middle lobe (image #44). A 5 mm apparent nodule/scar is noted in the 
right lower lobe (image #78). A minuscule nodule is also observed in the
 right lower lobe (image #79). The remaining lung fields appear 
unremarkable. A single posterior mediastinal lymph node measuring up to 7
 mm is present on the left (image #70). The partially visualized liver 
appears within normal size limits. Limited evaluation of the lower chest
 structures is unremarkable. Mild degenerative changes are seen in the 
thoracic spine. The adjacent bony structures and soft tissues appear 
normal. IMPRESSION: Mild bilateral pleural effusion with trace left base
 atelectasis. No evidence of empyema or abscess within the thoracic 
cavity. Several small pleural nodules of uncertain etiology. Mild 
degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No significant abnormality 
detected in the contrast-enhanced CT scan of the chest.EXAM: CHEST CT 
SCAN WITHOUT CONTRAST CLINICAL HISTORY: A 63-year-old female with a 
history of lung cancer, recent lung surgery, and progressive cough, now 
presenting with concern for new or recurrent disease. COMPARISON: Chest 
x-ray dated __ and postoperative CT chest dated __.