EXAM:
 CHEST CT SCAN WITHOUT CONTRAST CLINICAL HISTORY: A 63-year-old female 
with a history of lung cancer, recent lung surgery, and progressive 
cough, now presenting with concern for new or recurrent disease. 
COMPARISON: Chest x-ray dated __ and postoperative CT chest dated __. 
TECHNIQUE: CT chest with intravenous contrast was performed. DLP: 460 
mGy*cm. FINDINGS: The lungs demonstrate multiple bilateral pulmonary 
nodules, the largest measuring 1.3 cm x 1.1 cm in the left lower lobe 
(image 57) and 0.8 cm x 0.7 cm in the right middle lobe (image 43), both
 of which have increased in size since the previous CT. Several smaller 
nodules are scattered throughout the remaining lung parenchyma, some of 
which also demonstrate interval growth. No areas of consolidation are 
identified. Postsurgical changes are noted in the right upper lobe, 
including scarring and volume loss. A small loculated right pleural 
effusion is present adjacent to the surgical site, measuring 
approximately 1.9 x 1.4 cm. No pneumothorax is appreciated. There is 
mild mediastinal and bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy, with the largest 
subcarinal lymph node measuring 1.2 cm x 1.0 cm (image 35). The heart 
size is within normal limits, with mild atherosclerotic calcification of
 the coronary arteries. The thoracic aorta is unremarkable without 
dissection or aneurysm. The pleura is unremarkable, with no pleural 
thickening or nodularity. The chest wall is normal in appearance without
 masses, soft tissue abnormalities, or osseous lesions. Moderate 
degenerative changes are noted in the visualized thoracic spine. The 
visualized portions of the upper abdomen are grossly unremarkable, with 
no significant lymphadenopathy or organomegaly. IMPRESSION: Multiple 
bilateral pulmonary nodules, some of which have increased in size since 
the prior examination, concerning for metastatic disease. Postsurgical 
changes in the right upper lobe with scarring and volume loss, and a 
small loculated right pleural effusion. Mild mediastinal and bilateral 
hilar lymphadenopathy. Moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic 
spine and mild atherosclerotic calcification of the coronary arteries.