EXAM:
 CHEST CT SCAN WITHOUT CONTRAST EXAM DATE: __.HISTORY: 55-year-old 
female with persistent cough and chest tightness. Comparison: No prior 
CT scans available. TECHNIQUE: High-resolution helical CT imaging of the
 chest was performed using 5 mm slice thickness. Sagittal and coronal 
reformatted images were assessed. DLP: 680 mGy-cm FINDINGS: No pleural 
or pericardial effusions are observed. Mediastinal lymph nodes are 
within normal limits, with no significant enlargement. No axillary 
lymphadenopathy is present. The thoracic aorta exhibits a normal 
caliber. Bilateral patchy ground-glass opacities are evident in the 
upper lobes, more prominently on the right side. A few scattered nodules
 are present in both lower lobes, the largest measuring 0.8 x 0.7 x 0.5 
cm in the right lower lobe (image 65). The left lower lobe displays a 
focal area of linear atelectasis. Mild bronchial wall thickening is 
observed in the left lower lobe. The visualized upper abdominal 
structures appear unremarkable, and the osseous structures are intact. 
IMPRESSION: Bilateral patchy ground-glass opacities in the upper lobes, 
more pronounced on the right side. These findings may be related to a 
viral or atypical pneumonia. Clinical correlation and follow-up imaging 
after appropriate treatment are recommended. A few scattered nodules in 
both lower lobes, with the largest in the right lower lobe. Given their 
small size, these nodules are likely benign. However, a follow-up CT 
scan in 6-12 months is suggested to ensure stability. Focal linear 
atelectasis and mild bronchial wall thickening in the left lower lobe. 
No pleural or pericardial effusions and normal mediastinal lymph nodes.