EXAM:
  CT CHEST (PULMONARY ANGIOGRAM)CLINICAL HISTORY: A 65-year-old female 
with sudden onset shortness of breath and chest pain, suspected 
pulmonary embolism. COMPARISON: Chest x-ray dated __. TECHNIQUE: 
Multiplanar and multi-phase CT pulmonary angiogram (CTPA) of the chest 
was performed with the administration of intravenous contrast. CTDIvol: 
13.50 mGy. DLP: 520 mGy*cm.FINDINGS: Filling defects consistent with 
acute pulmonary emboli are seen in segmental and subsegmental branches 
of the right upper lobe, right middle lobe, and bilateral lower lobes. 
Bilateral patchy ground-glass opacities, more prominent in the right 
lower lobe, possibly represent areas of pulmonary infarction or 
alternative inflammatory processes. No lung masses, nodules, or 
consolidations are identified. No enlarged mediastinal or hilar lymph 
nodes are seen. The trachea and main bronchi are patent and show no 
significant abnormality. No pleural thickening, nodularity, or effusion 
is present. The chest wall is unremarkable without masses, soft tissue 
abnormalities, or osseous lesions. The heart size is within normal 
limits, with mild atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic arch and 
coronary arteries. The visualized portions of the thoracic aorta 
demonstrate no dissection or aneurysm. No suspicious lytic or blastic 
lesions are seen in osseous structures, but mild degenerative changes 
are noted in the thoracic spine. Unenhanced evaluation of the visualized
 upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Acute pulmonary 
emboli involving segmental and subsegmental branches of the right upper 
lobe, right middle lobe, and bilateral lower lobes. Bilateral patchy 
ground-glass opacities, possibly representing areas of pulmonary 
infarction or alternative inflammatory processes. No lung masses, 
nodules, or consolidations identified. No mediastinal or hilar 
lymphadenopathy. No pleural or pericardial effusion.