CT
 HEAD WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 43-year-old female 
with a history of HIV/AIDS presenting with recent onset of headache, 
fever, and behavioral changes. COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: 
Sequential axial CT images were acquired from the skull base to the 
vertex before and after intravenous administration of 100 mL of Isovue 
300 contrast agent. Coronal and sagittal reconstructions were also 
obtained. FINDINGS: Multiple ring-enhancing lesions are identified in 
the bilateral cerebral hemispheres, with the largest measuring 
approximately 2.5 x 2.0 x 1.8 cm in the right parietal lobe. These 
lesions are associated with mild surrounding vasogenic edema and 
localized mass effect but without significant midline shift or 
herniation. The largest lesion demonstrates a central hypodensity, 
suggestive of necrosis. No acute intracranial hemorrhage is detected. 
The basal ganglia, thalami, and brainstem appear normal. No abnormal 
enhancement is noted in the meninges, and the ventricular system is 
within normal limits. The basal cisterns are patent. The visualized 
orbits and paranasal sinuses show no significant abnormalities. The 
mastoid air cells are clear. IMPRESSION: Multiple bilateral cerebral 
ring-enhancing lesions with surrounding vasogenic edema and localized 
mass effect, most consistent with cerebral toxoplasmosis given the 
patient's history of HIV/AIDS. Alternative considerations include other 
opportunistic infections or metastatic disease; however, toxoplasmosis 
is favored in this clinical context. No evidence of significant midline 
shift, uncal or tonsillar herniation.