CT
 HEAD WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 60-year-old female 
with recent onset of headaches and blurry vision. COMPARISON: None 
available. TECHNIQUE: Sequential axial CT images were acquired from the 
skull base to the vertex before and after intravenous administration of 
100 mL of Isovue 300 contrast agent. FINDINGS: There is an enhancing 
mass centered in the sellar and suprasellar region measuring 
approximately 3.2 x 2.8 x 3.1 cm. The mass is compressing the optic 
chiasm superiorly, and extends into the cavernous sinuses bilaterally. 
The pituitary gland is not clearly identifiable, suggesting the mass may
 originate from the gland itself. The mass is most consistent with a 
pituitary macroadenoma. The cerebral parenchyma demonstrates no evidence
 of acute infarction, intracranial hemorrhage, or extraaxial fluid 
collections. The ventricular system is normal in size and configuration.
 Gray-white matter differentiation is preserved. Visualized portions of 
the orbits and paranasal sinuses appear unremarkable. No significant 
mastoid air cell opacification is noted. IMPRESSION: Enhancing sellar 
and suprasellar mass measuring 3.2 x 2.8 x 3.1 cm, causing compression 
of the optic chiasm and extending into the cavernous sinuses 
bilaterally. The mass is most consistent with a pituitary macroadenoma. 
No acute intracranial abnormalities or significant sinus or mastoid 
disease. Further evaluation with dedicated MRI of the brain and 
pituitary gland is recommended for better characterization of the mass 
and to guide appropriate management. Consultation with an 
endocrinologist and neurosurgeon is advised for further evaluation and 
management planning.