CT
 HEAD WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 55-year-old male 
presenting with progressive confusion, ataxia, and visual disturbances 
over the past several weeks. COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: 
Sequential axial CT images were acquired from the skull base to the 
vertex before and after intravenous administration of 100 mL of Isovue 
300 contrast agent. Coronal and sagittal reconstructions were also 
obtained. FINDINGS: A large, heterogeneously enhancing mass is 
identified in the left occipital lobe, measuring approximately 4.5 x 4.0
 x 3.8 cm. The mass is associated with significant perilesional 
vasogenic edema, causing mass effect on the adjacent left lateral 
ventricle, as well as a 6 mm left-to-right midline shift. There is no 
evidence of uncal or tonsillar herniation at this time. Multiple smaller
 enhancing lesions are seen scattered throughout both cerebral 
hemispheres, suggestive of a multifocal process. No acute intracranial 
hemorrhage is identified. The ventricular system appears mildly dilated,
 likely due to mass effect and the obstructive nature of the left 
occipital mass. The basal cisterns remain patent. The basal ganglia, 
thalami, and brainstem appear normal. The visualized orbits and 
paranasal sinuses show no significant abnormalities. The mastoid air 
cells are clear. IMPRESSION: Large, heterogeneously enhancing left 
occipital mass with surrounding vasogenic edema, mass effect on the 
adjacent left lateral ventricle, and a 6 mm left-to-right midline shift.
 In the context of the patient's clinical presentation, a high-grade 
primary brain neoplasm, such as glioblastoma, is the most likely 
etiology. Multiple smaller enhancing lesions scattered throughout both 
cerebral hemispheres, raising concern for a multifocal process. The 
differential diagnosis includes metastatic disease, multifocal glioma, 
or less likely, demyelinating disease. Mild ventriculomegaly, likely 
secondary to mass effect and obstruction by the left occipital mass.