CT
 HEAD WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 45-year-old female with a 
history of intermittent blurred vision and left-sided weakness, 
suspected multiple sclerosis. COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: 
Sequential axial CT images were acquired from the skull base to the 
vertex without the intravenous administration of contrast agent. Coronal
 and sagittal reconstructions were also obtained. FINDINGS: There are 
scattered areas of hypodensity involving the periventricular white 
matter bilaterally, more pronounced in the left parietal lobe and right 
frontal lobe. Some of these lesions are oriented perpendicular to the 
lateral ventricles, suggesting a possible "Dawson's finger" pattern. 
However, the CT examination is suboptimal for evaluating demyelinating 
plaques, and there is no abnormal enhancement detected without 
administration of contrast. No significant mass effect, midline shift, 
or intracranial hemorrhage is noted. The ventricular system and basal 
cisterns are within normal limits. The brainstem, cerebellum, and basal 
ganglia show no abnormalities. No hydrocephalus or extra-axial fluid 
collections are seen. The visualized orbits appear normal. The paranasal
 sinuses demonstrate mild mucosal thickening, most likely representing 
sinusitis. The mastoid air cells are clear. IMPRESSION: Scattered 
bilateral periventricular white matter hypodensities, which may 
represent demyelinating plaques in the clinical context of suspected 
multiple sclerosis. However, the CT examination is limited in its 
evaluation of demyelinating disease and lacks the sensitivity of MRI.