CT
 HEAD WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 36-year-old male presenting 
with confusion and headache after a motor vehicle accident. COMPARISON: 
None available. TECHNIQUE: Sequential axial CT images were acquired from
 the skull base to the vertex without the intravenous administration of 
contrast agent. Coronal and sagittal reconstructions were also obtained.
 FINDINGS: There is a non-displaced fracture involving the left temporal
 bone, extending to the left mastoid process. No other skull fractures 
are identified. A small focus of hyperdensity is noted in the left 
temporal lobe, which may represent a small contusion or hemorrhage. No 
evidence of herniation, midline shift, or mass effect is observed. There
 are no signs of intracerebral, subarachnoid, or subdural hemorrhage. No
 acute ischemic changes are identified. A small left-sided epidural 
hematoma is seen, measuring approximately 6mm in thickness. No other 
extra-axial fluid collections are observed. The ventricular system is 
within normal limits, and the basal cisterns are patent. No orbital 
fractures or significant soft tissue swelling are identified. There is 
opacification of the left mastoid air cells, likely related to the 
fracture. The paranasal sinuses are clear. The upper cervical spine is 
visualized without significant degenerative changes or fractures. 
Further evaluation of the cervical spine would require dedicated 
imaging. IMPRESSION: Non-displaced fracture involving the left temporal 
bone, extending to the left mastoid process, with associated 
opacification of the left mastoid air cells. Small left-sided epidural 
hematoma measuring approximately 6mm in thickness. Small focus of 
hyperdensity in the left temporal lobe, which may represent a contusion 
or hemorrhage.