CT
 HEAD WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 45-year-old male 
presenting with progressive right-sided weakness and slurred speech. 
COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: Sequential axial CT images were 
acquired from the skull base to the vertex before and after intravenous 
administration of 100 mL of Isovue 300 contrast agent. Coronal and 
sagittal reconstructions were also obtained. FINDINGS: A large, 
heterogeneously enhancing mass is noted within the left frontoparietal 
region, measuring approximately 5.5 x 4.3 x 5.2 cm. The mass 
demonstrates areas of central necrosis and surrounding vasogenic edema, 
resulting in mass effect upon the left lateral ventricle and a 6 mm 
midline shift to the right. There is also effacement of the left sulci 
and gyri. No evidence of herniation is observed. The remaining cerebral 
parenchyma is unremarkable, with no additional focal lesions or 
hemorrhages identified. The basal ganglia, thalami, and brainstem appear
 normal. The ventricular system is normal in size and configuration, 
apart from the aforementioned mass effect. No abnormalities are noted 
within the visualized orbits or paranasal sinuses. The mastoid air cells
 are clear. IMPRESSION: A large, heterogeneously enhancing left 
frontoparietal mass measuring 5.5 x 4.3 x 5.2 cm, with central necrosis 
and surrounding vasogenic edema. This mass results in significant mass 
effect, causing a 6 mm midline shift to the right and compression of the
 left lateral ventricle. The findings are concerning for a high-grade 
glioma, such as glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). No acute intracranial 
hemorrhage or additional focal lesions.