CT
 HEAD WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 65-year-old male presenting 
with sudden onset of right-sided weakness and slurred speech. 
COMPARISON: __. TECHNIQUE: Sequential axial CT images were acquired from
 the skull base to the vertex without the intravenous administration of 
contrast. FINDINGS: There is evidence of an acute left middle cerebral 
artery (MCA) territory infarct, with hypodensity involving the left 
frontal, parietal, and temporal lobes. There is effacement of the left 
lateral ventricle and sulci, consistent with cytotoxic edema. No 
hemorrhagic transformation is identified within the infarcted area. The 
left MCA is not clearly visualized, suggesting possible occlusion. There
 is a mild mass effect with approximately 4 mm of midline shift to the 
right. The basal cisterns remain patent. No acute extraaxial fluid 
collections or significant intracranial hemorrhage are observed. The 
ventricular system is otherwise unremarkable. Gray-white matter 
differentiation is preserved in the remaining cerebral parenchyma. 
Visualized portions of the orbits and paranasal sinuses are 
unremarkable. No significant mastoid air cell opacification is noted. 
IMPRESSION: Acute left MCA territory infarct with associated cytotoxic 
edema and mass effect, causing approximately 4 mm of midline shift to 
the right. The left MCA is not clearly visualized, suggesting possible 
occlusion. No hemorrhagic transformation within the infarcted area. No 
significant sinus or mastoid disease. Given the acute infarct findings, 
immediate clinical evaluation and consideration for appropriate 
intervention, such as thrombolysis or mechanical thrombectomy, are 
recommended. Further assessment with a CT angiogram or MRI with MR 
angiography may be useful to evaluate the patency of the cerebral 
vasculature and confirm the extent of ischemic injury.