CT
 HEAD WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 52-year-old female presenting 
with progressive headaches, memory loss, and personality changes. 
COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: Sequential axial CT images were 
acquired from the skull base to the vertex without the intravenous 
administration of contrast. FINDINGS: There is a well-defined, hypodense
 lesion in the left frontal lobe measuring approximately 3.2 x 2.4 cm, 
with surrounding vasogenic edema causing effacement of the adjacent 
sulci and mild mass effect on the left lateral ventricle. No significant
 midline shift is present. The lesion demonstrates minimal heterogeneous
 enhancement following contrast administration. No acute intracranial 
hemorrhage, extraaxial fluid collections, or other mass lesions are 
observed. The ventricular system is otherwise unremarkable. Gray-white 
matter differentiation is preserved in the remaining cerebral 
parenchyma. Visualized portions of the orbits and paranasal sinuses are 
unremarkable. No significant mastoid air cell opacification is noted. 
IMPRESSION: Left frontal lobe hypodense lesion with surrounding 
vasogenic edema and mild mass effect on the left lateral ventricle. The 
lesion demonstrates minimal heterogeneous enhancement. Differential 
considerations include a neoplastic process, such as glioma or 
metastasis, or less likely, an abscess or other infectious/inflammatory 
process. No significant sinus or mastoid disease. Given the presence of 
the left frontal lobe lesion, further evaluation with MRI, including 
post-contrast sequences, is recommended for better characterization and 
to guide appropriate management. Clinical correlation and additional 
workup, such as serologic tests or biopsy, may be warranted depending on
 the MRI findings.