EXAM:
 MRI NECK WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: 70 year old male 
with metastatic lung cancer. COMPARISON: PET/CT __. TECHNIQUE: CT neck 
was performed following administration of 35 mL IV contrast. The 
estimated cumulative dose (DLP [mGy-cm]) is 209.FINDINGS: The soft 
tissues of the neck appear unremarkable. The nasopharynx, oropharynx, 
hypopharynx, and trachea show no abnormalities, aside from right vocal 
cord paralysis. There is mild scattered mucosal thickening in the 
paranasal sinuses and small bilateral mastoid effusions. The major 
salivary glands appear normal. However, infiltration of the right 
thyroid lobe by adjacent adenopathy is noted. Significant 
lymphadenopathy is observed in the neck, including a conglomerate right 
level III/IV and supraclavicular lymph node on series 301, image 40, 
measuring at least 4.4 x 3.7 cm. This has enlarged since the prior exam.
 On the left side, a level III/IV and supraclavicular lymph node 
conglomerate is seen on series 301, image 49, measuring at least 3.8 x 
3.6 cm. Additionally, prominent and clustered left level V lymph nodes 
are visible on series 301, image 61. The right lower 
cervical/supraclavicular conglomerate nodal mass compresses or involves 
the right internal jugular vein and encases the proximal right common 
carotid artery and right vertebral artery. Mild multilevel degenerative 
changes are present in the cervical spine. The patient has a history of 
left posterior occipital craniotomy, and ossification of the posterior 
longitudinal ligament is observed at C3-4-5-6. The lung apices reveal no
 significant abnormalities, and the right paratracheal lymphadenopathy 
infiltrates the inferior aspect of the right thyroid lobe. Further 
evaluation of intrathoracic findings should be done with a dedicated CT 
chest examination. The visualized brain parenchyma shows evidence of 
status post left posterior parietal craniotomy without enhancement in 
the underlying brain. IMPRESSION: Bilateral cervical and supraclavicular
 lymphadenopathy showing progression of nodal metastatic disease. 
Compression and possible invasion of the right internal jugular vein by 
right cervical adenopathy, encasement of the proximal right common 
carotid artery, and proximal right vertebral artery. Increasing 
infiltration of the right inferior thyroid lobe by adjacent adenopathy.