EXAM:
 MRI NECK WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTCONTRAST HISTORY: 27-year-old man 
with a history of pharyngitis and persistent pain. Rule out 
retropharyngeal abscess or peritonsillar abscess. COMPARISON: None. 
TECHNIQUE: Sequential axial thin-section CT images were taken from the 
skull base down to the level of the thoracic inlet after the uneventful 
intravenous administration of 75 mL of Ultravist 370 contrast agent. 
Additional sagittal and coronal reformatted images were then produced. 
The estimated cumulative exposure (DLP mGy/cm) is 324.53. FINDINGS: 
Numerous bilateral lymphadenopathy is seen at the internal jugular lymph
 node stations. The largest right level 2A lymph node measures 1.6 x 1.6
 cm, and the largest left level 2A lymph node measures 1.6 x 1.8 cm. A 
left level 5 lymph node measures 1 x 0.9 cm, with an adjacent left level
 4/5 lymph node measuring 1 x 1 x 0.9 cm. The bilateral palatine tonsils
 are enlarged and appear heterogeneous. No peripherally enhancing fluid 
collection suggestive of a tonsillar abscess is noted. The 
retropharyngeal space is without fluid collection. The right piriform 
sinus appears effaced due to fluid or debris. The parotid, 
submandibular, and thyroid glands are unremarkable. The adenoid tonsils 
are likely within normal limits for age. The nasopharynx, oropharynx, 
hypopharynx, larynx, subglottic trachea, epiglottis, and aryepiglottic 
folds are unremarkable. The trachea is patent. No prevertebral soft 
tissue swelling is seen. The bilateral jugular veins are patent. The 
visualized portions of the brain, orbits, paranasal sinuses, and mastoid
 air cells appear unremarkable. The visualized portions of the lung 
apices are clear. IMPRESSION: Enlarged and heterogeneous bilateral 
palatine tonsils with associated bilateral cervical lymphadenopathy as 
detailed above. Findings are most consistent with an 
infectious/inflammatory process. No drainable abscess is identified.