EXAM:
 MRI NECK WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTHISTORY: 55-year-old male presents 
with progressive dysphagia and weight loss. Evaluate for neoplastic 
process. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: Contrast-enhanced CT of the neck 
was performed after administration of 90mL of Isovue 300. Sequential 
axial thin-section images were obtained from the skull base to the 
thoracic inlet. Coronal and sagittal reformats were produced. The 
estimated cumulative dose (DLP [mGy-cm]) is: 331. FINDINGS: There is a 
circumferential, enhancing, and irregular mass centered in the 
hypopharynx and proximal esophagus, measuring approximately 4.5 cm in 
craniocaudal dimension and causing near-complete luminal narrowing. This
 mass extends from the level of the aryepiglottic folds to the level of 
the upper esophagus. Multiple enlarged, enhancing lymph nodes are noted 
in the bilateral neck. The largest right level 3 lymph node measures 2.1
 x 1.4 cm, and the largest left level 3 lymph node measures 2.0 x 1.6 
cm. The nasopharynx, oropharynx, and larynx are otherwise unremarkable. 
The trachea is patent. There is no prevertebral soft tissue swelling. 
Bilateral jugular veins are patent. Visualized portions of the brain, 
orbits, paranasal sinuses, and mastoid air cells are unremarkable. The 
visualized lung apices are clear. IMPRESSION: Circumferential, 
enhancing, irregular mass centered in the hypopharynx and proximal 
esophagus causing near-complete luminal narrowing, concerning for 
neoplastic process. Multiple enlarged, enhancing lymph nodes in the 
bilateral neck, suspicious for metastatic involvement.