EXAM:
 MRI NECK WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: Male, 45 years of 
age, presenting with a history of persistent hoarseness and suspicion of
 laryngeal pathology. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: MRI of the neck was 
performed using pre- and post-contrast T1-weighted, T2-weighted, and 
STIR sequences in axial, coronal, and sagittal planes. Post-contrast 
imaging was obtained following intravenous administration of 9 mL of 
Gadavist. FINDINGS: The nasopharynx, oropharynx, and hypopharynx appear 
unremarkable without any evidence of mass or abnormal enhancement. The 
larynx demonstrates thickening and irregular enhancement involving the 
left true vocal cord, extending from the anterior commissure to the 
arytenoid cartilage. The lesion measures approximately 20 x 8 x 6 mm. 
There is no evidence of cartilage invasion or extension into the 
paraglottic space. Paranasal sinuses reveal mild mucosal thickening in 
the maxillary sinuses bilaterally, without opacification. The mastoid 
air cells and middle ear cavities are clear. The cervical spine is 
unremarkable, without fracture or malalignment. The lung apices are 
clear. Salivary glands and thyroid gland appear normal. No significant 
cervical lymphadenopathy is identified. The largest lymph node, at the 
left level III, measures 9 x 5 mm. The arteries and veins of the neck 
are unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Thickening and irregular enhancement 
involving the left true vocal cord, measuring approximately 20 x 8 x 6 
mm, suspicious for laryngeal neoplasm. Direct laryngoscopy and biopsy 
are recommended for further evaluation. Mild mucosal thickening in 
bilateral maxillary sinuses, likely inflammatory. No significant 
cervical lymphadenopathy or vascular abnormalities.