CLINICAL
 HISTORY: Evaluation for pancreatic cancer.TECHNIQUE: Non-contrast, 
arterial phase, and venous phase contrast-enhanced CT images of the 
abdomen and pelvis were obtained using a multidetector CT scanner. 
Multiplanar reformations were also reviewed.FINDINGS: Pancreatic tumor: 
There is a 3.5 x 3.2 x 2.8 cm hypodense mass in the pancreatic head, 
which demonstrates mild heterogeneous enhancement on arterial and venous
 phases. The mass causes mild upstream dilation of the pancreatic duct, 
measuring up to 4 mm in diameter. There is no pancreatic parenchymal 
atrophy.Metastatic disease: Multiple liver lesions are identified, the 
largest being in segment VIII, measuring 2.3 x 1.8 cm, with arterial 
enhancement and washout on the venous phase, consistent with metastatic 
deposits. No intrahepatic biliary dilatation is observed. There are 
enlarged peripancreatic, porta hepatis, and retroperitoneal lymph nodes,
 the largest measuring 1.8 x 1.3 cm. No pelvic or retrocrural 
lymphadenopathy is detected. No suspicious lung nodules or pleural 
effusions are noted.Vascular involvement: The pancreatic mass encases 
the superior mesenteric vein (SMV) and partially compresses it, with 
less than 50% narrowing of the vessel lumen. The main portal vein, 
splenic vein, and superior mesenteric artery (SMA) are patent and not 
encased by the tumor. No signs of cavernous transformation are 
observed.Thrombosis: No thrombus is identified within the portal vein, 
SMV, splenic vein, or inferior vena cava (IVC).Anatomy: The liver, 
spleen, adrenal glands, and kidneys demonstrate normal size, shape, and 
enhancement pattern. No renal or ureteral calculi are detected. The 
gallbladder, appendix, and bowel loops are unremarkable. No free fluid 
or air is observed in the abdominal or pelvic cavities.IMPRESSION: 
Hypodense mass in the pancreatic head, measuring 3.5 x 3.2 x 2.8 cm, 
consistent with a pancreatic neoplasm. Multiple liver lesions consistent
 with metastatic disease. Enlarged peripancreatic, porta hepatis, and 
retroperitoneal lymph nodes, suggestive of lymph node metastases. 
Partial encasement and compression of the superior mesenteric vein by 
the pancreatic mass, without thrombosis. No other vascular involvement 
or thrombosis identified. No additional intra-abdominal or pelvic 
pathologies detected.