CT
 SINUSES WITH CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 67-year-old female patient 
with a history of nasopharyngeal carcinoma (treated over 20 years ago), 
presenting with nasal congestion. COMPARISON: None available at the time
 of dictation. TECHNIQUE: A CT scan of the sinuses was performed 
following the administration of 60 mL of iopamidol __% injection IV 
contrast. The estimated radiation dose (CTDIvol [mGy]) for each series 
in this exam is __, and the estimated cumulative dose (DLP [mGy-cm]) is 
__. FINDINGS: The visualized bones appear normal. The frontal sinuses 
are clear, with a hypoplastic right frontal sinus. There is scattered 
mucosal thickening in multiple ethmoidal air cells. Mild mucosal 
thickening is present in the bilateral maxillary sinuses. A small mucous
 retention cyst or polyp is seen within the left maxillary sinus. 
Mucosal obstruction of the bilateral ostiomeatal units is noted. Frothy 
secretions are present within the bilateral sphenoid sinuses, more 
prominent on the right side. Mucoperiosteal thickening of the sphenoid 
sinus is observed, which is most compatible with chronic sinusitis 
changes. The nasal septum appears midline, with a left-sided nasal spur.
 The soft tissues appear normal. A partially empty sella appearance is 
noted. The right internal carotid artery follows a retropharyngeal 
course within its cervical segment. Bilateral scleral banding and lens 
replacements are observed. There is a sclerotic appearance of the 
inferior right mastoid air cells, with scattered areas of opacification.
 Such findings may represent sequelae of chronic mastoiditis. No 
significant overlying soft tissue swelling is present. IMPRESSION: 
Scattered mild mucosal thickening of the paranasal sinuses as described 
above, with mucosal obstruction of the ostiomeatal units. Aerated 
secretions within the sphenoid sinus and areas of mucoperiosteal 
thickening are most compatible with chronic sinusitis changes. Sclerotic
 appearance of the right inferior mastoid air cells with some 
opacification, which may represent sequelae of chronic mastoiditis. No 
significant overlying soft tissue swelling is observed. For further 
findings, please refer to the CT neck examination conducted on the same 
day.