CT
 LUMBAR SPINE WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 59-year-old male with 
persistent lower back pain and bilateral leg numbness, with a history of
 lumbar surgery. COMPARISON: No comparison studies available. TECHNIQUE:
 Contiguous axial CT images were obtained through the lumbar spine. 
Coronal and sagittal reformats were produced. The estimated radiation 
exposure is __ mGy per slice and __ mGy*cm cumulative dose. FINDINGS: 
The lumbar spine alignment is maintained. There is evidence of prior 
L4-L5 laminectomy and posterior spinal fusion. The vertebral body 
heights are preserved. The intervertebral disc spaces are maintained, 
except for mild disc space narrowing at L3-L4 and L5-S1 levels. At 
L3-L4, there is a moderate central disc protrusion with mild bilateral 
facet joint hypertrophy, leading to mild central canal stenosis and 
moderate bilateral foraminal stenosis. At L4-L5, the surgical site 
appears stable with no evidence of hardware failure or complications. 
There is no significant spinal canal or foraminal stenosis at this 
level. At L5-S1, there is a moderate left paracentral disc protrusion 
with mild facet joint hypertrophy, resulting in moderate left foraminal 
stenosis and mild central canal stenosis. The prevertebral and 
paravertebral soft tissues appear normal. The visualized portions of the
 abdomen and pelvis are unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Post-surgical changes 
at L4-L5 with stable hardware and no evidence of complications. Moderate
 disc protrusions at L3-L4 and L5-S1 with mild central canal stenosis 
and moderate bilateral foraminal stenosis at L3-L4, and moderate left 
foraminal stenosis at L5-S1. Mild degenerative disc space narrowing at 
L3-L4 and L5-S1 levels.