CT
 CERVICAL AND THORACIC SPINE WITHOUT CONTRASTCLINICAL HISTORY: A 
38-year-old female with a history of rheumatoid arthritis and neck and 
upper back pain. COMPARISON: No comparison studies available. TECHNIQUE:
 Contiguous axial CT images were obtained through the cervical and 
thoracic spine. Coronal and sagittal reformats were produced. The 
estimated radiation exposure is __ mGy per slice and __ mGy*cm 
cumulative dose. FINDINGS: Cervical Spine: The cervical spine alignment 
is maintained. There is no evidence of acute fracture or subluxation. 
Vertebral body heights are preserved. The intervertebral disc spaces are
 well maintained. There is mild degenerative disc disease at C4-C5 with a
 small osteophyte formation but without significant foraminal narrowing.
 The remaining cervical discs show no significant abnormalities. The 
facet joints are unremarkable. Thoracic Spine: The thoracic spine 
alignment is maintained. There is no evidence of acute fracture or 
subluxation. Vertebral body heights are preserved. The intervertebral 
disc spaces are well maintained. Mild degenerative changes are present 
at T6-T7, with small osteophyte formation and mild facet joint 
arthropathy. No significant spinal canal or foraminal stenosis is 
identified. The prevertebral and paravertebral soft tissues appear 
normal. No significant lymphadenopathy or masses are seen. The 
visualized portions of the lung apices and mediastinum are unremarkable.
 IMPRESSION: Mild degenerative changes in the cervical spine at C4-C5, 
without significant foraminal narrowing. Mild degenerative changes in 
the thoracic spine at T6-T7, without significant spinal canal or 
foraminal stenosis. No evidence of acute fracture, subluxation, or 
significant spinal stenosis.