CONTRAST-
ENHANCED CT ABDOMEN/PELVISCLINICAL HISTORY: LLQ pain. TECHNIQUE: 
Multiple axial and coronal CT images were obtained through the abdomen 
and pelvis after administration of oral and intravenous contrast 
material. COMPARISON: Prior CT of the abdomen and pelvis report dated 
__. FINDINGS: 4.0 cm hypodense lesion in the left hepatic lobe. The 
lesion is noted to have subtle enhancement during the arterial phase and
 washout on delayed phase. Differential includes hepatic hemangioma or 
focal nodular hyperplasia, although a malignant process cannot be 
completely excluded given enhancement characteristics. There is no intra
 or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation. The spleen appears normal. 
The gallbladder is distended and exhibits wall thickening with 
surrounding fat stranding. Acute cholecystitis is suspected. The 
pancreas has a normal contour and attenuation characteristics. There is 
no evidence of an adrenal mass. Both kidneys demonstrate prompt and 
equal nephrograms. The kidneys are normal in size, shape, and 
configuration. There is no evidence of renal or ureteral mass. No renal 
or ureteral calculi are identified. There is no hydroureter or 
hydronephrosis. There is no evidence of appendicitis. Minimal wall 
thickening is observed in the descending colon, which may be suggestive 
of mild colitis. No evidence for small or large bowel obstruction is 
present. There is no evidence of abdominal ascites or lymphadenopathy. 
There is no evidence of intrinsic or extrinsic bladder mass. The uterus 
appears normal. The left ovary appears enlarged and demonstrates a 3 cm 
simple cyst. A small amount of fluid is present in the pelvic 
cul-de-sac. Images of the lung bases show no evidence of pleural or 
parenchymal mass. There are no pleural effusions. The bony structures 
are free of lytic or blastic lesions. IMPRESSION: 4.0 cm hypodense 
lesion in the left hepatic lobe, as described above. Further evaluation 
with MRI or biopsy may be considered for clarification of the diagnosis.
 Findings suggestive of acute cholecystitis. Surgical correlation is 
recommended. Mild wall thickening in the descending colon, possibly 
indicative of mild colitis. Clinical correlation is advised. Simple cyst
 in the left ovary and a small amount of fluid in the pelvic cul-de-sac.
 Follow-up with pelvic ultrasound is recommended.