ANKLE
 MRI: MRI OF THE RIGHT ANKLE WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTEXAM DATE: 
__HISTORY: 60-year-old female with right ankle pain and suspicion of 
tarsal tunnel syndrome. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: T1 pre- and 
postcontrast and STIR sequences were performed of the right foot and 
ankle in multiple planes. A total of 16 ml of gadolinium contrast was 
intravenously administered. FINDINGS: Mild edema is present in the soft 
tissues surrounding the right ankle, predominantly in the tarsal tunnel 
region. No abnormal soft tissue fluid collection or abscess formation 
could be identified. The signal characteristics throughout the bony 
marrow are unremarkable without any suggestion for osteomyelitis. The 
flexor retinaculum appears thickened and there is flattening of the 
posterior tibial nerve in the tarsal tunnel, consistent with tarsal 
tunnel syndrome. The flexor and extensor tendons are within normal 
limits. The anterior and posterior inferior tibiofibular, the anterior 
and posterior talofibular, and calcaneofibular ligaments are intact. The
 plantar aponeurosis is within normal limits. The sinus tarsi are 
unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Mild edema is present in the soft tissues 
surrounding the right ankle, predominantly in the tarsal tunnel region. 
No abnormal soft tissue fluid collection or abscess formation could be 
identified. Thickening of the flexor retinaculum and flattening of the 
posterior tibial nerve in the tarsal tunnel, consistent with tarsal 
tunnel syndrome. Otherwise unremarkable MRI of the right ankle.