MRA
 OF THE CHEST, WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST: __. TECHNIQUE: 
Contrast-enhanced MRA of the chest was performed after the uneventful 
administration of 7 mL of Gadavist, injected intravenously. The study 
was performed concurrently with a head and neck MRA. Acquired sequences 
include axial T1 pre- and post-contrast, axial T2 and coronal MRA, 
followed by 3D reconstruction.DATE: __. CLINICAL HISTORY: The patient is
 a 55-year-old female with a history of chest pain, referred for further
 evaluation. COMPARISON: MRA of the chest, __. FINDINGS: There is 
evidence of a fusiform aneurysm involving the aortic arch, measuring 
approximately 30.8 mm in diameter. This represents an increase from the 
previous exam, where it measured 27.5 mm. The ascending aorta measures 
29.6 mm, and the descending thoracic aorta measures 24.1 mm. The aortic 
valve appears normal. The bilateral subclavian and common carotid 
arteries are widely patent with no luminal irregularity. The pulmonary 
artery branches are patent and normal in caliber. The left and right 
ventricles are normal in size and demonstrate normal systolic function. 
There is no significant left ventricular hypertrophy. The bilateral 
internal jugular, bilateral subclavian veins, bilateral brachiocephalic 
veins, and SVC are widely patent. The hepatic veins and IVC are patent. 
The visualized portions of the upper abdomen are normal in appearance. 
IMPRESSION: Fusiform aneurysm involving the aortic arch measuring 30.8 
mm in diameter, increased from the previous exam, with stable 
measurements of the ascending and descending thoracic aorta. Widely 
patent bilateral subclavian and common carotid arteries, as well as 
pulmonary artery branches. Normal left and right ventricular size and 
systolic function.