MRA
 Lower Extremity: __CLINICAL HISTORY: 62-year-old female presenting with
 left lower leg pain.COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, 
multisequence MRA of the left lower extremity was performed on a 3T 
magnet. 3D reformations consisting of curved and multiplanar 
reformations, maximum intensity projections, and volume-rendered images 
were performed on an independent workstation. A total of 6.5 mL of 
Gadovist was administered as intravenous contrast medium. FINDINGS: The 
left femoral artery is patent without significant stenosis. The left 
popliteal artery shows no signs of entrapment or compression. There is 
no evidence of aneurysm or dissection. The anterior and posterior tibial
 arteries, as well as the peroneal artery, are patent. However, there is
 a focal stenosis of approximately 70% in the proximal left anterior 
tibial artery. No evidence of thrombus or emboli is identified. The left
 lower extremity deep venous system, including the common femoral, 
superficial femoral, popliteal, and calf veins, are patent without 
evidence of deep venous thrombosis. A pathology is identified in the 
left lower extremity, with a moderate-sized, well-defined, fluid-filled 
lesion in the gastrocnemius muscle, suggestive of a myofascial tear. 
Soft Tissues: There is mild subcutaneous edema in the left lower 
extremity, more pronounced around the ankle region. No signs of 
compartment syndrome or significant muscle injury are identified. No 
Baker's cyst or pes anserine bursitis is observed. IMPRESSION: Focal 
stenosis of approximately 70% in the proximal left anterior tibial 
artery. Moderate-sized, well-defined, fluid-filled lesion in the 
gastrocnemius muscle, suggestive of a myofascial tear. Mild subcutaneous
 edema in the left lower extremity, more pronounced around the ankle 
region.