MRI
 OF THE ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST: __. COMPARISON: 
MRI abdomen and pelvis with and without __. CLINICAL HISTORY: 
Sixty-year-old female with a history of left ovarian carcinoma status 
post left oophorectomy, chemotherapy, and radiation therapy. Evaluate 
for recurrent disease or metastasis. TECHNIQUE: Multiple MRI sequences 
were obtained with and without the use of intravenous contrast, 7 mL of 
Gadovist. Sequences include: three-plane localizer, coronal T2 HASTE, 
axial T2 fat-saturated, axial diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI), and 
postcontrast T1-weighted images in axial and coronal planes. FINDINGS: 
The visualized lung bases appear unremarkable, with no pleural effusion 
or suspicious lung nodules. The liver demonstrates normal signal 
intensity, with no focal lesions or intra- or extrahepatic biliary 
ductal dilatation. The gallbladder is normal in appearance, with no 
cholelithiasis or wall thickening. The spleen, pancreas, and right 
kidney demonstrate normal signal intensity and morphology. A small, 
simple cyst in the upper pole of the left kidney is noted, stable in 
size compared to the prior examination. The right adrenal gland is 
unremarkable. Status post left oophorectomy, with no abnormal 
enhancement or mass identified in the left adnexal region to suggest 
recurrent or residual disease. The visualized portions of the large and 
small bowel are unremarkable. The urinary bladder, uterus, and right 
adnexa demonstrate normal signal intensity and morphology. The 
visualized portions of the aorta, inferior vena cava, hepatic veins, 
portal vein, celiac axis, superior mesenteric artery and vein, and 
bilateral renal arteries are normal. The visualized osseous structures 
show no evidence of lytic or sclerotic lesions. A few small, nonspecific
 mesenteric lymph nodes are present, unchanged in size compared to the 
prior examination. IMPRESSION: Status post left oophorectomy, with no 
evidence of recurrent or residual disease. Stable small simple cyst in 
the upper pole of the left kidney. No suspicious osseous, nodal, or 
visceral metastasis.