MRA
 ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH CONTRAST: __ CLINICAL HISTORY: Forty-year-old 
male with history of abdominal pain and recent diagnosis of mesenteric 
ischemia. Referred for further evaluation of arterial supply to 
intestines. COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: Multi-sequential MRA 
of the abdomen and pelvis was performed prior to and following the 
uneventful administration of 10 mL of Gadavist IV. FINDINGS: The 
abdominal aorta is patent throughout its course. The celiac axis, 
superior mesenteric artery (SMA), and inferior mesenteric artery (IMA) 
are visualized. The celiac axis and IMA demonstrate no significant 
stenosis. The SMA demonstrates a focal 60-70% stenosis approximately 2 
cm from its origin, with no evident collateral formation. No external 
structures cause compression of the artery. The renal arteries and iliac
 arteries are patent without significant stenosis. Normal branching 
pattern of the renal arteries is noted. The liver, spleen, gallbladder, 
adrenal glands, pancreas, stomach, small bowel, and colon demonstrate 
normal enhancement and appear unremarkable. Both kidneys enhance 
symmetrically and appear normal in size; the right kidney measures 11.2 
cm and the left kidney measures 11.4 cm in craniocaudal dimension. No 
significant osseous abnormalities are identified. IMPRESSION: Focal 
60-70% stenosis of the superior mesenteric artery approximately 2 cm 
from its origin, in a patient with a recent diagnosis of mesenteric 
ischemia. Further evaluation and possible intervention may be warranted.
 Patent celiac axis, inferior mesenteric artery, renal arteries, and 
iliac arteries. Unremarkable appearance of the solid abdominal organs.