MRI
 OF THE ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST: __. COMPARISON 
STUDY: Abdominal ultrasound on __ and CT of the abdomen and pelvis on 
__. CLINICAL HISTORY: Seventeen-year-old male with a history of 
intermittent abdominal pain and recent weight loss. There is concern for
 inflammatory bowel disease or other gastrointestinal pathology. 
TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, multisequence MR imaging of the abdomen and 
pelvis was performed prior to and following the administration of 
Gadovist intravenous contrast. FINDINGS: No enhancing nodules or pleural
 effusion in the visualized lung bases are noted. The heart appears 
normal in size. ABDOMEN/PELVIS: The liver, spleen, pancreas, adrenal 
glands, and kidneys are unremarkable, with no focal lesions or other 
abnormalities identified. There is no intrahepatic or extrahepatic 
biliary ductal dilatation. The gallbladder appears normal, with no 
cholelithiasis, wall thickening, or pericholecystic fluid. The terminal 
ileum demonstrates mural thickening and hyperenhancement, with 
associated mesenteric fat stranding and prominent adjacent mesenteric 
lymph nodes. These findings are suggestive of active Crohn's disease. 
The remaining small bowel loops appear normal, with no evidence of 
obstruction, wall thickening, or focal lesions. The large bowel is 
unremarkable. The urinary bladder is unremarkable, and there are no 
pelvic masses or lymphadenopathy. The visualized portions of the pelvic 
bones and musculature appear normal. IMPRESSION: Findings consistent 
with active Crohn's disease involving the terminal ileum, with 
associated mesenteric fat stranding and prominent adjacent mesenteric 
lymph nodes. Unremarkable liver, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and 
kidneys. No evidence of intra-abdominal lymphadenopathy or other 
significant abnormalities.