ANKLE
 MRI: MRI OF THE RIGHT ANKLE WITHOUT CONTRAST EXAM DATE: __ HISTORY: 
30-year-old male with right ankle pain and swelling following a sports 
injury. COMPARISON: None TECHNIQUE: T1, T2, and PD-FS sequences were 
performed of the right ankle in multiple planes. FINDINGS: There is a 
marker placed over the area of concern along the lateral aspect of the 
right ankle. The distal fibula appears intact with no evidence of 
fracture. The anterior talofibular ligament, calcaneofibular ligament, 
and posterior talofibular ligament are intact, with no evidence of 
tearing or significant thickening. A small tibiotalar joint effusion is 
present, along with surrounding soft tissue edema. No evidence of 
cartilage defects or osteochondral lesions within the talar dome. The 
peroneus longus and brevis tendons appear within normal limits, with no 
evidence of tendinopathy or tear. The flexor tendons and extensor 
tendons are intact and unremarkable. The Achilles tendon demonstrates 
normal signal, course, and caliber without evidence of tendinopathy or 
tear. The plantar aponeurosis is unremarkable. There is mild 
subcutaneous soft tissue edema around the lateral malleolus, likely 
secondary to the recent injury. The osseous structures are otherwise 
unremarkable, with no evidence of focal bone marrow edema or occult 
fracture. IMPRESSION: Intact ligaments of the right ankle with no 
evidence of tearing. Small tibiotalar joint effusion with surrounding 
soft tissue edema, likely related to the recent injury. Mild 
subcutaneous soft tissue edema around the lateral malleolus. Achilles 
tendon and plantar aponeurosis within normal limits. No evidence of 
fracture or bone marrow edema.