MRI
 OF THE ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST: __COMPARISON: None
 available. CLINICAL HISTORY: Forty-five-year-old patient with abdominal
 pain, weight loss, and diarrhea. Evaluate for possible inflammatory 
bowel disease. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, multisequence MRI images of the 
abdomen and pelvis were obtained using a 3 Tesla magnet with and without
 intravenous administration of 13 mL of Dotarem.FINDINGS: The liver, 
spleen, pancreas, and adrenal glands demonstrate normal size and signal 
intensity, with no focal lesions or abnormal enhancement identified. No 
intra- or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation is observed. The 
kidneys show normal size and enhancement, with no evidence of 
hydronephrosis, focal lesions, or restricted diffusion. The renal 
collecting systems and ureters appear unremarkable. The gallbladder is 
normal in appearance, with no evidence of cholelithiasis or 
cholecystitis. The visualized portions of the stomach and duodenum are 
unremarkable. There is mural thickening and increased enhancement 
involving segments of the terminal ileum and the ascending colon, 
consistent with active Crohn's disease. Adjacent mesenteric fat 
stranding and enlarged lymph nodes are also noted, which are compatible 
with the inflammatory process. The urinary bladder and rectum appear 
normal. In the pelvis, uterus and adnexa show no abnormal enhancement or
 mass lesions. The visualized osseous structures appear normal, with no 
evidence of focal lesions or pathological fractures. IMPRESSION: No 
significant abnormalities identified within the liver, spleen, pancreas,
 adrenal glands, kidneys, or osseous structures. Active Crohn's disease 
involving segments of the terminal ileum and ascending colon, with 
adjacent mesenteric fat stranding and enlarged lymph nodes.