MRA
 ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH CONTRAST: __ CLINICAL HISTORY: 
Sixty-two-year-old male with a history of intermittent claudication and 
suspected peripheral arterial disease. Assess for vessel patency and 
possible occlusions. COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: 
Multi-sequential MRA of the abdomen, pelvis, and lower extremities was 
performed prior to and following the uneventful administration of 9 mL 
of Gadavist IV. FINDINGS: The abdominal and pelvic organs demonstrate 
normal enhancement and appear unremarkable. No free fluid in the abdomen
 or pelvis. The osseous structures are unremarkable. Angiogram 
demonstrates a normal caliber aorta. The bilateral common iliac, 
internal iliac, and external iliac arteries are patent and unremarkable.
 Bilateral common femoral arteries are patent. In the right lower 
extremity, there is a 70% stenosis in the proximal superficial femoral 
artery (SFA) spanning approximately 2 cm. The distal SFA, popliteal 
artery, and trifurcation vessels, including the posterior tibial, 
anterior tibial, and peroneal arteries, are patent. In the left lower 
extremity, there is a 50% stenosis in the mid superficial femoral artery
 spanning approximately 1.5 cm. The distal SFA, popliteal artery, and 
trifurcation vessels, including the posterior tibial, anterior tibial, 
and peroneal arteries, are patent. Bilateral dorsalis pedis arteries are
 patent and well-visualized. IMPRESSION: Right lower extremity: 70% 
stenosis in the proximal superficial femoral artery, spanning 
approximately 2 cm. Left lower extremity: 50% stenosis in the mid 
superficial femoral artery, spanning approximately 1.5 cm. Patent 
bilateral trifurcation vessels and dorsalis pedis arteries.