CLINICAL
 HISTORY: A 47-year-old female presenting with persistent lower 
abdominal pain and weight loss. Patient has a history of Crohn's 
disease. COMPARISON: No prior relevant imaging. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, 
multisequence MRI of the abdomen and pelvis was performed on a 3 Tesla 
magnet without the use of contrast.FINDINGS: The lung bases are clear, 
and no pleural or pericardial effusion is observed. The liver appears 
normal in size, contour, and signal intensity, with no focal hepatic 
lesions identified. Intrahepatic and extrahepatic bile ducts are not 
dilated. The gallbladder is unremarkable, with no signs of 
cholelithiasis or cholecystitis. The pancreas demonstrates normal 
morphology, and no pancreatic ductal dilation or mass is noted. Both 
adrenal glands appear normal. The kidneys are symmetric and of normal 
size, with no hydronephrosis or focal abnormalities. The spleen is 
within normal limits, with no splenomegaly or focal lesions. The bowel 
demonstrates thickening and hyperenhancement of the terminal ileum and 
cecum, consistent with active Crohn's disease. No bowel obstruction or 
significant lymphadenopathy is identified. The appendix appears normal. 
The visualized vasculature, including the aorta, is of normal caliber. 
In the pelvis, the uterus and adnexa are unremarkable. No free fluid or 
pelvic mass is detected. IMPRESSION: Active Crohn's disease involving 
the terminal ileum and cecum, with bowel wall thickening and 
hyperenhancement. Otherwise unremarkable MRI of the abdomen and pelvis.