ANKLE
 MRI: MRI OF THE RIGHT ANKLE WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST EXAM DATE: __ 
HISTORY: Gradual onset of pain and swelling in the right ankle. Prior 
diagnosis of tenosynovial giant cell tumor. Further evaluation. 
TECHNIQUE: MR examination of the right ankle was performed using the 
following sequences: Axial T1, T2, and STIR; sagittal T1 and STIR; 
coronal T1 and STIR. In addition, 18 ml gadolinium was injected, and 
postcontrast T1 sagittal, coronal, and axial images were obtained. 
COMPARISON: None. FINDINGS: A marker was placed over the area of 
concern. In the region of the peroneal tendons, approximately 3-4 cm 
from the right ankle, there is a lobulated soft tissue mass measuring 
approximately 18 mm in AP dimension, 22 mm in transverse dimension, and 
24 mm in craniocaudal dimension. The signal intensity is intermediate on
 T1 and heterogeneously hyperintense on the STIR images. This appears to
 be located adjacent to the peroneal tendons. Following administration 
of contrast, heterogeneous enhancement is seen. Some venous 
prominence/engorgement noted inferior to the mass. The adjacent peroneal
 tendons are slightly displaced medially. Achilles tendon is intact. No 
surrounding inflammatory change seen. Remainder of examination otherwise
 unremarkable. Bone marrow signal of the adjacent tibia and fibula 
intact. Ligaments and tendons otherwise unremarkable. Flexor and 
extensor tendons normal. Lateral and medial ligaments are normal. 
IMPRESSION: There is a lobulated soft tissue mass measuring 18 x 22 x 24
 mm in the region of the peroneal tendons, approximately 3-4 cm from the
 right ankle joint. Heterogeneous enhancement seen following 
administration of contrast. Findings are suggestive of a tenosynovial 
giant cell tumor. Alternative diagnoses such as synovial sarcoma or 
benign soft tissue tumor are considered less likely. Otherwise, 
unremarkable exam. The adjacent bones and tendons are intact.