ANKLE
 MRI: MRI OF THE RIGHT ANKLE WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRASTEXAM DATE: 
__HISTORY: Right ankle pain. COMPARISON: Radiographs of the right ankle 
__. TECHNIQUE: Images were acquired on a 3.0 Tesla __ MRI magnet. 
Multiplanar, multisequence MR imaging of the right ankle and hindfoot 
and midfoot submitted for interpretation. FINDINGS: No magnetic 
susceptibility artifact identified. There is mild osteoarthrosis 
involving the tibiotalar joint with small areas of cartilage thinning, 
predominantly on the medial aspect of the joint. No significant 
subchondral cystic change or reactive marrow edema is observed. No 
fractures or contusions are identified. The deltoid ligament complex is 
intact. The syndesmotic ligaments are intact. The lateral ligaments, 
including the anterior talofibular and calcaneofibular ligaments, are 
intact. The Lisfranc ligament appears intact. The Achilles tendon is 
intact. The central and lateral cords of the plantar aponeurosis are 
intact. The extensor tendons are intact. The flexor tendons are intact. 
There is mild tendinosis of the tibialis posterior without accompanying 
tenosynovitis. The superior peroneal retinaculum is intact. There is no 
subluxation. No peroneal tendon tear identified. Mild interstitial 
degeneration of the peroneal brevis is noted, just below the lateral 
malleolus, without tenosynovitis or tear. Fat within the sinus tarsi is 
preserved. The muscles are normal. IMPRESSION: Mild osteoarthrosis of 
the tibiotalar joint with small areas of cartilage thinning, 
predominantly on the medial aspect of the joint. Intact ligaments and 
tendons, with mild tendinosis of the tibialis posterior and peroneal 
brevis tendons. No acute fractures or other significant abnormalities 
identified.