MRI
 Abdomen and Pelvis without Contrast EXAM DATE: __ CLINICAL HISTORY: A 
71-year-old male patient with a history of colon cancer, recent onset of
 abdominal pain, and a prior sigmoid colectomy. COMPARISON: CT 
abdomen/pelvis from __ PROCEDURE: The patient underwent a multiplanar, 
multisequence MRI of the abdomen and pelvis on a 3 Tesla magnet without 
intravenous contrast due to compromised renal function. FINDINGS: Upon 
reviewing the lung bases, no pleural or pericardial effusions were 
observed. The liver appeared normal in size and contour, but with two T2
 hyperintense lesions in the left hepatic lobe. The largest lesion was 
found in segment 2, measuring 2.8 x 2.5 cm, consistent with metastatic 
disease. The biliary tree showed no signs of intrahepatic or 
extrahepatic biliary duct dilatation, and the common bile duct measured 
up to 4 mm in diameter. The gallbladder seemed unremarkable with no 
signs of wall thickening, pericholecystic fluid, or cholelithiasis. The 
pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys showed no significant 
abnormalities. The spleen was unremarkable in size, shape, and signal 
intensity without any focal lesions. The abdominal aorta and inferior 
vena cava were within normal limits, with no evidence of aneurysm or 
dissection. The mesenteric vasculature appeared patent and unremarkable.
 No significant retroperitoneal or mesenteric lymphadenopathy was 
identified. The small bowel loops appeared normal without evidence of 
obstruction, dilation, or wall thickening. The large bowel demonstrated 
no focal abnormalities, and the anastomotic site from the prior sigmoid 
colectomy appeared intact and unremarkable. No intraperitoneal free 
fluid or free air was observed. In the pelvis, the prostate was 
moderately enlarged, consistent with benign prostatic hyperplasia, but 
no suspicious lesions were identified. The seminal vesicles and urinary 
bladder appeared normal. There was no pelvic lymphadenopathy or ascites.
 The visualized portions of the pelvic musculature and bones appeared 
unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Two T2 hyperintense lesions in the left 
hepatic lobe, the largest measuring 2.8 x 2.5 cm in segment 2, 
consistent with metastatic disease in the setting of a known history of 
colon cancer. No evidence of intrahepatic or extrahepatic biliary duct 
dilatation. No signs of bowel obstruction, anastomotic complications, or
 significant lymphadenopathy. Benign prostatic hyperplasia without 
suspicious lesions.