MRI
 OF THE ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH CONTRAST: __COMPARISON: MRI abdomen and 
pelvis on __. CLINICAL HISTORY: Fifty-two-year-old female with a history
 of endometrial cancer status post hysterectomy and radiation therapy. 
The patient complains of persistent abdominal pain and bloating. 
TECHNIQUE: Using a 3 Tesla magnet, multiplanar and multisequence MR 
images of the abdomen and pelvis were obtained both prior to and after 
the uneventful intravenous administration of 6 mL of Gadovist.FINDINGS: 
Limited images through the lower thorax show no pleural effusion or 
suspicious lung nodules. The liver, spleen, pancreas, and bilateral 
adrenal glands appear unremarkable, with no focal lesions or abnormal 
enhancement. The kidneys demonstrate normal size, morphology, and 
contrast enhancement, with no focal renal lesions or hydronephrosis. The
 urinary bladder appears unremarkable. Status post hysterectomy is 
noted. There is a 3.2 cm complex cystic lesion in the left adnexa, which
 has increased in size compared to the prior study. This finding could 
represent a post-treatment complication or recurrent disease, and 
further evaluation is recommended. The visualized portions of the small 
and large bowel appear normal, with no evidence of obstruction. There 
are a few mildly enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes, the largest measuring 
approximately 1.1 cm in short-axis diameter, likely reactive in nature. 
The abdominal aorta and its major branch vessels are normal in course 
and caliber. Visualized osseous structures demonstrate homogeneous 
signal intensity, with no evidence of focal osseous lesions. Minimal 
free fluid is noted in the pelvis, which is nonspecific. IMPRESSION: 
Status post hysterectomy with a 3.2 cm complex cystic lesion in the left
 adnexa, concerning for post-treatment complication or recurrent 
disease. Further evaluation is recommended. A few mildly enlarged 
mesenteric lymph nodes, likely reactive in nature. Minimal free fluid in
 the pelvis, nonspecific.