MRI
 OF THE ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH CONTRAST: __ COMPARISON: CT abdomen and 
pelvis on __. CLINICAL HISTORY: Forty-five-year-old male with a history 
of colon cancer status post colectomy and chemotherapy. Recently 
presented with increased fatigue and weight loss. CT abdomen and pelvis 
revealed multiple hepatic lesions suggestive of metastases. TECHNIQUE: 
Using a 3 Tesla magnet, multiplanar and multisequence MR images of the 
abdomen and pelvis were obtained both prior to and after the uneventful 
intravenous administration of 9 mL of Gadovist contrast. FINDINGS: 
Limited images through the lower thorax show no pleural effusion or 
suspicious lung nodules. The liver contains multiple heterogeneously 
enhancing nodules and masses involving all segments, with the largest 
lesion measuring approximately 4.5 cm in diameter in segment VIII. These
 lesions demonstrate high T2 signal intensity and restricted diffusion 
on DWI, consistent with metastatic disease. The spleen, pancreas, and 
bilateral adrenal glands appear unremarkable. The kidneys demonstrate 
normal size, morphology, and contrast enhancement, with no focal renal 
lesions or hydronephrosis. The urinary bladder and prostate gland are 
unremarkable. The visualized portions of the small and large bowel 
appear normal, with no evidence of obstruction. There are several 
enlarged retroperitoneal lymph nodes, the largest measuring 
approximately 1.5 cm in short-axis diameter, concerning for metastatic 
involvement. The abdominal aorta and its major branch vessels are normal
 in course and caliber. Visualized osseous structures demonstrate 
homogeneous signal intensity, with no evidence of focal osseous lesions.
 Mild ascites is noted in the perihepatic and perisplenic spaces. 
IMPRESSION: Multiple hepatic lesions with imaging features consistent 
with metastatic disease from known colon cancer. Enlarged 
retroperitoneal lymph nodes, concerning for metastatic involvement. Mild
 ascites in the perihepatic and perisplenic spaces.