MRI
 OF THE ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH CONTRAST: __ COMPARISON: MRI abdomen and
 pelvis on __. CLINICAL HISTORY: Sixty-one-year-old male with a history 
of metastatic malignant melanoma and diffuse metastases involving 
multiple organs. The patient is currently undergoing immunotherapy. 
TECHNIQUE: Using a 3 Tesla magnet, multiplanar and multisequence MR 
images of the abdomen and pelvis were obtained both prior to and after 
the uneventful intravenous administration of 13 mL of Dotarem. FINDINGS:
 Limited images through the lower thorax show numerous pleural-based 
nodules and parenchymal lung lesions, suggestive of metastatic disease. 
The liver demonstrates multiple T2 hyperintense and contrast-enhancing 
nodules scattered throughout, consistent with metastatic disease. The 
largest lesion measures approximately 3.5 cm in the right hepatic lobe. 
The overall number and size of the metastatic lesions appear stable 
compared to the prior study. The spleen reveals multiple small enhancing
 lesions consistent with metastases. The pancreas also shows several 
focal hypointense T2 lesions with enhancement, likely metastatic 
deposits. Bilateral adrenal glands exhibit irregularly shaped, enhancing
 masses, in keeping with adrenal metastases. Both kidneys are normal in 
size and demonstrate homogeneous enhancement, but there are a few small 
cortical lesions with restricted diffusion, suggesting metastatic 
involvement. The urinary bladder is unremarkable. Multiple enhancing 
lesions are visualized within the pelvic and abdominal musculature, 
consistent with metastatic disease. Additionally, enlarged 
retroperitoneal, mesenteric, and iliac lymph nodes are present, 
compatible with metastatic lymphadenopathy. Multiple osseous metastases 
are identified within the visualized spine, sacrum, and pelvis, 
characterized by increased T2 signal intensity and postcontrast 
enhancement. IMPRESSION: Widespread metastatic disease involving the 
liver, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, kidneys, osseous structures, 
and soft tissues, consistent with the known history of metastatic 
malignant melanoma. Enlarged retroperitoneal, mesenteric, and iliac 
lymph nodes compatible with metastatic lymphadenopathy. Numerous 
pleural-based and parenchymal lung lesions suggestive of metastatic 
involvement, better characterized on dedicated chest imaging.