MRI
 OF THE BRAIN, WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST: CLINICAL HISTORY: 60-year-old 
female with persistent headaches and history of hypertension. 
COMPARISON: MRI dated __. TECHNIQUE: MRI of the brain was performed with
 and without IV contrast, utilizing multiple sequences including 
diffusion, T2, FLAIR, T1, GRE, and post gadolinium T1 axial, coronal, 
sagittal sequences. Additional sequence for IAC imaging. Imaging 
performed on a 3 Tesla magnet before and after the uneventful 
administration of 9 mL of Gadavist IV. FINDINGS: Compared to the prior 
study, there is a new small area of restricted diffusion in the left 
frontal subcortical white matter, suggestive of a small acute 
infarction. No evidence of hemorrhage or mass effect is seen. A few 
punctate foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity in the periventricular and 
subcortical white matter are noted, likely representing chronic 
microvascular ischemic changes. These findings are stable compared to 
the prior examination. There is no evidence of intracranial mass or 
metastasis. The ventricular system is stable in size and configuration. 
No midline shift or significant mass effect is seen. The major 
intracranial flow voids are preserved, and no major vessel occlusion is 
noted. The dedicated IAC images show no abnormality of the seventh and 
eighth cranial nerve complexes. There is a stable appearance of the 
paranasal sinuses with mucosal thickening in the bilateral maxillary 
sinuses and ethmoid air cells, suggesting chronic sinusitis. IMPRESSION:
 New small area of restricted diffusion in the left frontal subcortical 
white matter, suggestive of a small acute infarction. Stable mild white 
matter signal changes consistent with chronic microvascular ischemic 
changes. No evidence of intracranial mass or metastasis. Stable sinus 
mucosal thickening, consistent with chronic sinusitis.