MRI
 OF THE BRAIN WITHOUT CONTRAST: __. MRI OF THE SPINE WITHOUT CONTRAST: 
__. CLINICAL HISTORY: Progressive lower extremity weakness and numbness.
 History of multiple sclerosis, and concern for demyelinating plaques. 
COMPARISON: MRI brain __. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar MRI brain and full 
spine were performed without intravenous administration of gadolinium at
 1.5 Tesla. T1, T2, and FLAIR weighted sequences were obtained. 
FINDINGS: MRI BRAIN: Multiple hyperintense lesions are seen on T2/FLAIR 
weighted images within the periventricular white matter, juxtacortical 
white matter, and the corpus callosum, consistent with demyelinating 
plaques in the setting of multiple sclerosis. No abnormal enhancement is
 identified. The ventricles and sulci are within normal limits. No 
evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage, infarct, midline shift, or 
herniation is identified. The posterior fossa structures are 
unremarkable. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are
 clear. MRI SPINE: The cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine are 
anatomically aligned. The vertebral body heights and disc spaces are 
preserved. The marrow is normal in signal and appearance. No focal 
spinal cord lesions are identified. The conus medullaris terminates at 
the L1-L2 level and appears unremarkable. No significant spinal canal or
 foraminal narrowing is seen. IMPRESSION: Multiple T2/FLAIR hyperintense
 lesions in the periventricular white matter, juxtacortical white 
matter, and corpus callosum, consistent with demyelinating plaques in 
the setting of multiple sclerosis. No evidence of active enhancing 
lesions or acute intracranial pathology. No spinal cord lesions or 
significant spinal canal stenosis identified. SUMMARY: Multiple 
sclerosis-related plaques, with no evidence of active disease. No acute 
spinal cord lesions detected.