MRI
 BRAIN WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST: __ COMPARISON: MRI dated __. Outside 
MRI dated __. TECHNIQUE: Three-plane localizer, sagittal T1, axial 
diffusion, axial T2, axial GRE, and axial T1. Postcontrast axial and 
coronal with fat saturation through the brain, and axial T1 whole brain 
post. HISTORY: 55-year-old male with progressive headaches and visual 
disturbances. FINDINGS: There is a new, irregularly-shaped, T2 
hyperintense and T1 isointense lesion in the right occipital lobe, 
measuring approximately 3.0 x 3.5 cm on image 6 of series 7. The lesion 
demonstrates heterogeneous enhancement on post-contrast images, 
suggesting a possible neoplastic process. The mass is associated with 
surrounding vasogenic edema, resulting in mild mass effect and local 
compression of the adjacent occipital horn of the lateral ventricle. 
There are also a few scattered foci of T2 signal hyperintensity in the 
periventricular and subcortical white matter regions, consistent with 
chronic small vessel ischemic disease. No additional abnormal 
parenchymal signal or enhancing lesions are seen. The ventricular system
 is normal in size and configuration. No midline shift or herniation is 
identified. The surrounding soft tissues and bone marrow demonstrate 
appropriate MR signal characteristics. The paranasal sinuses and mastoid
 air cells are clear. IMPRESSION: New right occipital lobe lesion with 
heterogeneous enhancement and vasogenic edema, suspicious for neoplastic
 process. Further evaluation and clinical correlation are recommended. 
Chronic small vessel ischemic changes in the periventricular and 
subcortical white matter regions.