MRI
 OF THE BRAIN, WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST: CLINICAL HISTORY: 31-year-old 
male with a history of ependymoma post resection. Assess for tumor 
recurrence. TECHNIQUE: Standard tumor protocol MRI of the brain was 
executed before and after the seamless administration of intravenous 
gadolinium-based contrast on a 1.5 Tesla magnet using the following 
sequences: 3-plane localizer, sagittal T2, axial T2 TSE, sagittal FLAIR,
 axial SWI axial diffusion-weighted imaging, coronal-oblique TIRM of the
 whole brain, coronal T1 pre- and postcontrast imaging of the sella, 
sagittal postcontrast imaging of the sella, axial, sagittal, and coronal
 T1 whole brain postcontrast imaging. FINDINGS: Postoperative 
modifications in the right parietal region and particularly the right 
parietal lobe with encephalomalacia and gliosis are constant when 
compared to the previous examination. A solid and cystic mass with a 
contrast-enhancing nodular component is once more evident in the lateral
 parietal region. The enhancing nodular component, as well as the cystic
 component, seem stable in size and extent. No additional abnormal 
enhancement areas are observed. No new masses are identified. The 
right-sided posterior fossa arachnoid cyst, adjacent to the cerebellum, 
remains unaltered compared to the prior examination. The mild mass 
effect on the neighboring brainstem appears stable. The ventricles 
exhibit no significant changes in size. No signs of acute infarction or 
hemorrhage. Bilateral mastoid effusions have increased compared to the 
previous examination. The paranasal sinuses appear clear. Reactive 
changes in the soft tissue next to the surgical site appear stable. The 
globes and orbits maintain a normal appearance. IMPRESSION: Stable right
 lateral parietal ependymoma and adjacent arachnoid cyst, as well as 
postoperative changes. No new enhancing masses, infarctions, or 
intracerebral hemorrhages. Increased mastoid effusions of undetermined 
clinical importance.COMPARISON: __