MR
 BRAIN WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST dated __ HISTORY: 47-year-old female 
with persistent headaches and dizziness, history of migraine. TECHNIQUE:
 Brain MRI was performed at 3 Tesla, including the following sequences: 
sagittal T1, axial DWI, axial T2, axial FLAIR, axial GRE, and axial T1 
pre- and post-contrast. Additional postcontrast 3D T1-weighted MPRAGE 
images were obtained after the uneventful administration of 8 ml 
Gadavist. COMPARISON: MRI dated __.FINDINGS: There is a new 8 x 7 mm 
enhancing lesion in the left cerebellar hemisphere, with surrounding 
vasogenic edema, raising concern for a possible neoplastic or 
inflammatory process. No significant mass effect or midline shift is 
present. There are scattered foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity in the 
subcortical and periventricular white matter, consistent with chronic 
small vessel ischemic disease. The ventricular system is within normal 
limits for age, and the sulci appear age-appropriate. The brainstem and 
cerebellum are unremarkable. The major intracranial flow voids are 
preserved. The paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. The 
orbits and their contents are unremarkable. The calvarium and skull base
 appear normal. IMPRESSION: New enhancing lesion in the left cerebellar 
hemisphere with surrounding edema, concerning for a neoplastic or 
inflammatory process. Further evaluation and clinical correlation are 
recommended. Chronic small vessel ischemic changes in the 
periventricular and subcortical white matter. No acute intracranial 
hemorrhage, infarction, or hydrocephalus.