CLINICAL
 HISTORY: Evaluate for myocarditis COMPARISON: None. PROCEDURE: Field 
Strength: 3 T MRI Protocol Name: Cardiac Myocarditis Assessment Series 
Acquired: Axial T2-weighted imaging of the upper abdomen and the heart 
SAX & Cine imagine of the heart in multiple planes. FINDINGS: Normal
 size of both ventricles. Mild global hypokinesis of the left ventricle 
is noted, with an ejection fraction of 48%. No significant segmental 
wall motion abnormality. No obvious valvular regurgitation. A small 
pericardial effusion is present. Late gadolinium enhancement (LGE) 
images demonstrate patchy areas of subepicardial enhancement in the 
lateral and inferolateral walls of the left ventricle, suggestive of 
myocardial inflammation. T2-weighted images reveal increased signal 
intensity in the lateral and inferolateral walls, consistent with 
myocardial edema. QUANTITATIVE MEASUREMENTS Biometrics: 75.5 kg, 170 cm,
 BSA 1.89 m^2 Volume Quantification: RVEDV: 135 mL, 71 mL/m^2 RVESV: 55 
mL, 29 mL/m^2 RVSV: 80 mL, 42 mL/m^2 RVEF: 59 % LVEDV: 180 mL, 95 mL/m^2
 LVESV: 93 mL, 49 mL/m^2 LVSV: 87 mL, 46 mL/m^2 LVEF: 48 % IMPRESSION: 
Findings suggestive of myocarditis with patchy areas of subepicardial 
enhancement in the lateral and inferolateral walls of the left 
ventricle, along with increased T2 signal intensity consistent with 
myocardial edema. Mild global hypokinesis of the left ventricle with an 
ejection fraction of 48%. Small pericardial effusion. RECOMMENDATIONS: 
Clinical correlation is advised to determine the relevance of these 
findings in relation to the patient's symptoms. Further evaluation and 
management of myocarditis should be discussed with the patient's 
healthcare provider, considering the patient's symptoms and physical 
examination findings. Follow-up cardiac MRI may be considered to monitor
 the resolution of myocardial inflammation and improvement of left 
ventricular function.