EXAMINATION:
 Cardiac MRI PATIENT HISTORY: A 65-year-old male with a history of 
hypertension and dyspnea on exertion. Evaluation for possible 
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is requested. TECHNIQUE: 3 Tesla MRI 
scanner. The study includes cine imaging in standard long-axis and 
short-axis views, T2-weighted imaging, T2* imaging, late gadolinium 
enhancement (LGE) sequences, and volumetric quantification measurements.
 FINDINGS: The left ventricle demonstrates asymmetric septal hypertrophy
 with a maximal wall thickness of 18 mm in the basal anteroseptal 
segment. The left ventricular ejection fraction is preserved at 
approximately 55%. The right ventricle appears normal in size and 
function. Mild aortic regurgitation is observed, and the other valves 
appear normal. No significant pericardial effusion is identified. Late 
gadolinium enhancement reveals patchy mid-myocardial enhancement in the 
hypertrophied septal segments, suggestive of myocardial fibrosis. 
T2-weighted images show no signs of myocardial edema or inflammation. 
T2* imaging reveals a myocardial T2* value of 32 milliseconds, 
indicating no significant myocardial iron overload. The atria are normal
 in size, and no intracardiac thrombus is detected. Volumetric 
Measurements: Patient weight/height: 92 kg, 180 cm, BSA 2.18 m^2 RVEDV: 
156 mL, 72 mL/m^2 RVESV: 68 mL, 31 mL/m^2 RVSV: 88 mL, 40 mL/m^2 RVEF: 
56 % LVEDV: 193 mL, 89 mL/m^2 LVESV: 87 mL, 40 mL/m^2 LVSV: 106 mL, 49 
mL/m^2 LVEF: 55 % IMPRESSION: Asymmetric septal hypertrophy with maximal
 wall thickness of 18 mm in the basal anteroseptal segment, consistent 
with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Preserved left ventricular ejection 
fraction at 55%. Patchy mid-myocardial enhancement in the hypertrophied 
septal segments, suggestive of myocardial fibrosis. Mild aortic 
regurgitation and no significant pericardial effusion. No evidence of 
significant myocardial iron overload based on T2* value.