MR
 ELBOW:  __.EXAMINATION: MRI of the left elbow. COMPARISON: __. CLINICAL
 HISTORY: The patient presents with a history of left elbow fracture 6 
to 8 weeks ago. The patient is unable to fully extend the elbow joint 
and requests an evaluation for possible loose bodies. TECHNIQUE: 
Three-plane localizer, axial proton density, axial T2 fat-sat, coronal 
proton density, coronal T2 fat-sat, and sagittal T2 fat-sat sequences 
were acquired. The study is slightly limited due to motion artifact and 
the patient's inability to completely extend the elbow joint. FINDINGS: A
 skin marker is in place at the location of the patient's previous 
injury. There is no significant joint effusion, and no definite joint 
body is demonstrated. A linear focus of low T1 and high T2 signal is 
observed extending through the lateral humeral epicondyle, consistent 
with a nondisplaced fracture. No displaced fracture fragments are 
identified. No definite avulsion of secondary ossification centers is 
demonstrated. The medial collateral ligament, radial collateral 
ligament, lateral ulnar collateral ligament, and annular ligament are 
intact. Mild thickening and mildly increased signal are seen at the 
common extensor tendon origin, which may correlate with mild partial 
tearing or lateral epicondylitis. No full-thickness tear is 
demonstrated. The remainder of the visualized tendons appears 
unremarkable. The bone marrow signal in the distal humerus is slightly 
increased diffusely, which may reflect altered biomechanics or prominent
 hematopoietic marrow. IMPRESSION: No joint effusion or joint bodies 
identified. Nondisplaced fracture of the lateral humeral epicondyle. 
Mild lateral epicondylitis