MR
 ELBOW:  __.CLINICAL HISTORY: The patient presents with right elbow pain
 and limited range of motion, with a recent history of repetitive 
overhead activities. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, multisequence MR imaging of
 the right elbow was performed, including coronal proton density, T2 
fat-saturated, axial T2 fat-saturated, proton density, and sagittal T2 
fat-saturated images. FINDINGS: The MRI examination of the right elbow 
reveals the humerus, radius, and ulna without evidence of fracture or 
dislocation. No significant joint effusion or osseous contusions are 
identified. Mild degenerative changes are seen at the radiocapitellar 
joint with some irregularity of the cartilage. The medial collateral 
ligament complex is intact, including the anterior and posterior bands, 
without evidence of tear or sprain. The lateral collateral ligament 
complex is preserved, and no injury is seen. The common extensor tendon 
shows increased signal intensity and thickening, consistent with 
tendinopathy. No full-thickness tear is identified. The common flexor 
tendon and biceps tendon appear unremarkable, without evidence of tear 
or tendinopathy. Mild T2 hyperintensity is observed within the extensor 
carpi radialis brevis muscle, suggesting edema or strain secondary to 
tendinopathy. The surrounding muscles are unremarkable, without evidence
 of atrophy, edema, or denervation changes. The brachial artery, ulnar 
artery, and radial artery are patent without narrowing or occlusion. The
 median, radial, and ulnar nerves appear unremarkable, without signs of 
compression or injury. IMPRESSION: The MRI findings are consistent with 
lateral epicondylitis (tennis elbow), predominantly involving the 
extensor carpi radialis brevis muscle. There is associated common 
extensor tendinopathy and mild muscle edema. No additional significant 
abnormality is identified. RECOMMENDATIONS: Clinical correlation is 
advised to determine the relevance of these findings in relation to the 
patient's symptoms. Conservative management, including activity 
modification, physical therapy, and anti-inflammatory medications, may 
be considered for the treatment of lateral epicondylitis. Further 
evaluation and treatment options should be discussed with the patient's 
healthcare provider, considering the patient's symptoms and physical 
examination findings.