MR
 ELBOW:  __.CLINICAL HISTORY: Left wrist pain. Technique: Multiplanar, 
multisequence MR imaging of the left wrist, including coronal, sagittal,
 and axial T1 images, and coronal, sagittal, and axial STIR images. 
FINDINGS: The MRI demonstrates no definite osseous signal abnormality 
within the carpal bones. The bones are well aligned, and the articular 
surfaces are smooth. However, there is subtle bone marrow edema 
involving the scaphoid and lunate bones, which is best seen on the STIR 
images. There is no evidence of fracture, dislocation, or subluxation. 
The scapholunate ligament appears mildly thickened and demonstrates 
increased signal intensity on STIR images, suggesting a possible partial
 tear. The lunotriquetral ligament, triangular fibrocartilage complex 
(TFCC), and other intercarpal ligaments are unremarkable. The flexor and
 extensor tendons are intact, and there is no evidence of tendinopathy 
or tenosynovitis. A small joint effusion is seen in the radiocarpal and 
midcarpal joints. The surrounding muscles and soft tissues are 
unremarkable without edema or inflammation. The median and ulnar nerves 
are intact, with no evidence of compression or injury. IMPRESSION: The 
MRI findings suggest subtle bone marrow edema involving the scaphoid and
 lunate bones, a possible partial tear of the scapholunate ligament, and
 small joint effusion in the radiocarpal and midcarpal joints. No 
additional significant abnormality is identified. Recommendations: 
Clinical correlation is advised to determine the relevance of these 
findings in relation to the patient's symptoms. Further evaluation and 
treatment options should be discussed with the patient's healthcare 
provider, considering the patient's symptoms and physical examination 
findings. Potential management options may include conservative measures
 such as immobilization, physical therapy, and activity modification, or
 surgical intervention if warranted.