MR
 ELBOW:  __.EXAMINATION: MRI of the right elbow. CLINICAL HISTORY: The 
patient presents with right elbow pain and swelling, with a recent 
history of repetitive activities involving elbow flexion and extension. 
TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, multisequence MR imaging of the right elbow was 
performed, including coronal proton density, T2 fat-saturated, axial T2 
fat-saturated, proton density, and sagittal T2 fat-saturated images. 
FINDINGS: The MRI examination of the right elbow reveals the humerus, 
radius, and ulna without evidence of fracture or dislocation. The 
articular surfaces appear smooth, and a small joint effusion is 
identified. The medial and lateral collateral ligament complexes are 
intact, without evidence of tear or sprain. The common flexor and 
extensor tendons are preserved, but the distal biceps tendon shows 
increased signal intensity and mild thickening, consistent with 
tendinopathy. No full-thickness tear is identified. Mild T2 
hyperintensity is observed within the biceps brachii muscle belly, 
suggesting edema or strain secondary to tendinopathy. The surrounding 
muscles appear unremarkable, without evidence of atrophy, edema, or 
denervation changes. The brachial, radial, and ulnar arteries are patent
 without narrowing or occlusion. The median, radial, and ulnar nerves 
appear unremarkable, without signs of compression or injury. IMPRESSION:
 The MRI findings are consistent with distal biceps tendinopathy, with 
associated muscle edema. A small joint effusion is present in the elbow 
joint. No additional significant abnormality is identified.