MR
 ELBOW:  __.CLINICAL HISTORY: Patient presents with left wrist pain and 
reports a recent history of scaphoid fracture.TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, 
multisequence MR imaging of the left wrist, including coronal proton 
density, T2 fat-saturated, axial T2 fat-saturated, proton density, and 
sagittal T2 fat-saturated images were evaluated.FINDINGS: There is a 
non-displaced fracture of the scaphoid waist, which demonstrates 
surrounding bone marrow edema. The fracture line is best appreciated on 
the coronal proton density and T2 fat-saturated images. The surrounding 
soft tissues show mild edema.The other carpal bones and distal radius 
and ulna are unremarkable without evidence of fracture or subluxation. 
The articular surfaces appear smooth, and no significant joint effusion 
is identified.The scapholunate and lunotriquetral ligaments are intact. 
The triangular fibrocartilage complex (TFCC) demonstrates normal signal 
intensity and morphology. The flexor and extensor tendons are preserved 
without evidence of tear, tendinopathy, or tenosynovitis.A small region 
of T2 hyperintensity is observed within the abductor pollicis brevis 
muscle, suggesting mild strain or edema. The median and ulnar nerves 
appear unremarkable without signs of compression or 
injury.IMPRESSION:Non-displaced fracture of the scaphoid waist with 
surrounding bone marrow edema and mild soft tissue edema.Intact 
scapholunate, lunotriquetral ligaments, and TFCC.No significant joint 
effusion.Mild strain or edema within the abductor pollicis brevis 
muscle.No additional significant abnormality.RECOMMENDATIONS: Clinical 
correlation is advised to determine the relevance of these findings in 
relation to the patient's symptoms. Immobilization and follow-up imaging
 may be considered to monitor the healing of the scaphoid fracture. 
Further evaluation and treatment options should be discussed with the 
patient's healthcare provider, considering the patient's symptoms and 
physical examination findings. Potential management options may include 
conservative measures such as immobilization, physical therapy, and 
activity modification, or surgical intervention if warranted.