MRI
 HIP: __.CLINICAL HISTORY: 67-year-old woman with right hip pain, 
difficulty in ambulation, and stiffness, evaluating for possible 
arthritis or labral pathology. COMPARISON: X-ray right hip dated __. 
PROCEDURE: Multiplanar, multisequence imaging of the right hip was 
performed on a 3T MRI scanner without contrast. FINDINGS: Mild right hip
 joint effusion is noted. Cartilage, bones, and marrow: Moderate to 
severe degenerative changes are observed in the right hip joint, 
characterized by marked chondral loss, subchondral sclerosis, and 
multiple subchondral cysts in both the femoral head and acetabulum. No 
evidence of avascular necrosis or acute fracture. Bone marrow signal is 
within normal limits. A complex, full-thickness tear of the anterior 
labrum extending from the 1 o'clock to the 3 o'clock position is 
identified, with an adjacent paralabral cyst measuring approximately 1.2
 x 0.8 cm. Mild degeneration and fraying of the posterior labrum are 
also noted. The iliopsoas, gluteus medius, gluteus minimus, and 
hamstring tendons are intact, with no significant peritendinous edema or
 bursitis. Mild tendinosis is seen in the gluteus medius tendon 
insertion. Mild capsular thickening and enhancement suggest low-grade 
synovitis. Additional findings: Minimal edema is observed in the 
periarticular soft tissues, likely secondary to joint effusion and 
synovitis. IMPRESSION: Moderate to severe degenerative changes in the 
right hip joint with marked chondral loss, subchondral sclerosis, and 
cyst formation in the femoral head and acetabulum. Complex, 
full-thickness tear of the anterior labrum with an adjacent paralabral 
cyst, and mild degeneration of the posterior labrum. Mild right hip 
joint effusion with low-grade synovitis. Mild tendinosis of the gluteus 
medius tendon insertion. Periarticular soft tissue edema likely 
secondary to joint effusion and synovitis.