MRI
 HIP: __.CLINICAL HISTORY: A 54-year old woman with a history of right 
hip pigmented villonodular synovitis (PVNS) presents with worsening pain
 and discomfort. PROCEDURE: Multiplanar, multisequence imaging of the 
left hip was performed at 3T before and after the uneventful 
administration of IV gadolinium contrast. FINDINGS: Extensive intra and 
extra-articular signal abnormality, consistent with the patient's 
history of PVNS. The abnormality originates from the right hip and 
extends into the ischiofemoral interval. It invades the proximal 
anterior compartment of the thigh anteriorly, infiltrates the adductors 
and obturator externus muscles medially, and extends into the gluteal 
musculature posteriorly. Laterally, the PVNS wraps around the posterior 
greater trochanter. The posterior margin of the PVNS is adjacent to the 
right ischial tuberosity and abuts the sciatic nerve without causing 
abnormal nerve signal. At the level of the ischiofemoral interval, the 
PVNS spans an area of approximately 17.4 x 13.8 x 9.6 cm (SI x 
transverse x AP), indicating a slight increase in size since the 
previous examination. There is bony involvement of the femoral head and 
neck, lesser trochanter, and acetabulum. Cortical erosion is present, 
which can be seen more clearly on the comparison radiograph. No acute 
pathologic fracture is identified. Mild peritendinous fluid is seen 
surrounding the distal iliopsoas tendon, which is otherwise intact. The 
hamstring and gluteal tendons are also intact. A small hip joint 
effusion is present, and mild articular cartilage loss is observed in 
the hip. Anterior labral degeneration and tearing are present. A few 
left inguinal lymph nodes are seen, measuring up to 1.1 cm in short 
axis, which are nonspecific and have slightly increased in size since 
the previous examination. Two small external iliac lymph nodes measure 
up to 0.7 and 1.0 cm, also showing a slight increase in size since the 
previous examination. The imaged pelvis appears normal, with no free 
fluid in the pelvic region. IMPRESSION: Extensive intra- and 
extra-articular pigmented villonodular synovitis of the hip, with a 
slight increase in size relative to previous examinations.