EXAMINATION:
 MRI of the right knee HISTORY Patient slipped on ice two weeks ago. 
TECHNIQUE: Sagittal proton density, T2-weighted, coronal proton density 
fat-saturated, and T2-weighted images, as well as axial proton density 
fat-saturated images are evaluated. FINDINGS: There is a complex tear of
 the posterior horn of the medial meniscus extending to the 
meniscocapsular junction. The anterior horn of the medial meniscus is 
unremarkable. The lateral meniscus appears intact without any evidence 
of tear. The T2-weighted images demonstrate a mild bone marrow edema 
involving the lateral femoral condyle and lateral tibial plateau. No 
evidence of fracture or cortical disruption is observed. The anterior 
cruciate ligament, posterior cruciate ligament, patellar tendon, and 
quadriceps tendon are intact and appear normal. The medial and lateral 
patellar retinacula, as well as the medial and lateral patellofemoral 
ligaments, are intact. The patellar and trochlear cartilage appears 
preserved. The posterolateral capsular structures, including the arcuate
 popliteal ligament and popliteus tendon, are unremarkable. The biceps 
femoris appears intact. No significant muscular signal abnormality is 
detected. The iliotibial band, fibular collateral ligament, and medial 
collateral ligaments are intact. IMPRESSION: Complex tear of the 
posterior horn of the medial meniscus with meniscocapsular junction 
involvement. Mild bone marrow edema involving the lateral femoral 
condyle and lateral tibial plateau, consistent with bone contusion. No 
fracture or cortical disruption identified. Intact cruciate ligaments, 
patellar tendon, and quadriceps tendon. Unremarkable posterolateral 
capsular structures and collateral ligaments. Lateral meniscus is 
intact.