EXAM:
 MRI KNEE RIGHT WITHOUT CONTRAST EXAM DATE: __ HISTORY: The patient 
presents with a history of persistent right knee pain for the past 
several weeks following a sports injury. EXAM: MRI of the right knee 
TECHNIQUE: Sagittal proton-density sequences, T2-weighted TSE, coronal 
proton-density and fat-suppressed T2, as well as axial proton-density 
fat-saturated imaging.FINDINGS: The medial meniscus appears intact, with
 no evidence of tears or degeneration. The medial collateral ligament is
 also intact and unremarkable. The lateral meniscus exhibits a small 
radial tear within the posterior horn, which is seen extending to the 
articular surface. The iliotibial band and fibular collateral ligaments 
remain intact. The anterior cruciate ligament appears mildly thickened, 
suggesting a possible strain; however, no definite tear is observed. The
 posterior cruciate ligament remains intact and unremarkable. Both the 
patellar and quadriceps tendons appear intact, with no evidence of 
tendinopathy. The articular cartilage of the medial and lateral 
compartments of the tibiofemoral joint shows mild thinning, indicative 
of early degenerative changes. No significant osteophytes are observed 
in these compartments. The patellofemoral joint demonstrates slight 
cartilage wear along the medial patellar facet. The medial and lateral 
patellar retinacula are intact. A small joint effusion is present, but 
no Baker's cyst or other abnormal fluid collections are identified. 
IMPRESSION: Small radial tear in the posterior horn of the lateral 
meniscus. Mild strain of the anterior cruciate ligament. Small joint 
effusion. Early degenerative changes in the medial and lateral 
compartments of the tibiofemoral joint and the patellofemoral joint.