EXAM:
 MRI KNEE RIGHT WITHOUT CONTRAST EXAM DATE: __ HISTORY: The patient 
presents with right knee pain and has a history of medial meniscal 
repair in December 2011. The evaluation aims to assess for potential 
cartilage abnormalities or issues related to the prior surgery. 
TECHNIQUE: The MRI examination of the right knee utilized coronal PD, 
sagittal T1, sagittal T2, axial T2, and coronal T2 FS sequences. 
COMPARISON: __. FINDINGS: The MRI reveals the patella to be properly 
aligned with the trochlear groove, showing no evidence of subluxation or
 maltracking. A moderate joint effusion is observed, indicating an 
improvement compared to the prior examination. Chondromalacia is not 
detected, and no loose bodies are present. In terms of ligaments and 
tendons, the quadriceps and patellar tendons appear intact and 
unremarkable. The anterior cruciate ligament, posterior cruciate 
ligament, and medial and lateral collateral ligaments also show no 
abnormalities or signs of injury. Regarding the menisci, the medial 
meniscus reveals a degenerative tear in the body and anterior horn, 
while the lateral meniscus shows mild fraying along the free edge of the
 posterior horn. There is no evidence of a recurrent or new tear in the 
lateral meniscus. The examination of cartilaginous and osseous 
structures demonstrates moderate thinning of the articular cartilage in 
both the medial and lateral compartments, suggesting progressive 
degenerative changes. The bone marrow signal of the distal femur, 
proximal tibia, and fibula appears normal, with no indication of stress 
fractures or subchondral edema. A moderate-sized Baker's cyst is 
identified in the posteromedial aspect of the knee joint, measuring 
approximately 2.5 cm in size. IMPRESSION: Moderate joint effusion, 
improved compared to prior examination. Degenerative tear in the body 
and anterior horn of the medial meniscus. Mild fraying in the posterior 
horn of the lateral meniscus. Moderate thinning of the articular 
cartilage in both the medial and lateral compartments, indicative of 
progressive degenerative changes. Moderate-sized Baker's cyst in the 
posteromedial aspect of the knee joint.