HISTORY:
 21-year-old male experiencing pain in the right medial femoral 
condyle.COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: On a 3T magnet, the following MR 
sequences were obtained of the right knee: three-plane localizer, axial 
proton density with fat saturation, coronal T1, coronal proton density 
with fat saturation, sagittal proton density, sagittal T2 with fat 
saturation, 3D Space. FINDINGS: Mild joint effusion in the right knee. 
The medial meniscus showed a horizontal tear at the posterior horn, 
while the lateral meniscus appeared intact. Both the anterior and 
posterior cruciate ligaments were intact, as well as the medial and 
lateral collateral ligament complexes. The popliteus tendon and 
posterolateral corner structures were also found to be intact, with the 
capsule showing no surrounding edema. The extensor mechanism, including 
the quadriceps and patellar tendons, appeared unremarkable. The 
articular cartilage was intact, and bone marrow signal intensity was 
normal. There was no evidence of a Baker's cyst or pes anserine 
bursitis. However, a mild degeneration of the medial patellar 
retinaculum was observed, which could be the source of the patient's 
discomfort. IMPRESSION: In summary, the MRI findings indicate a 
horizontal tear at the posterior horn of the medial meniscus and mild 
degeneration of the medial patellar retinaculum. The remaining 
structures within the right knee appear intact and unremarkable.