EXAM:
 MRI NECK WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST EXAM DATE: __ HISTORY: Patient 
presenting with a suspected mass in the right parapharyngeal region. 
Exam: MRI of the neck. Technique: The following sequences were acquired:
 sagittal T1, STIR, coronal T1, STIR, axial T1, T2 fat-saturated images.
 Subsequently, 17 mL of Dotarem was administered, and axial, coronal, 
and sagittal T1-weighted images were obtained for evaluation. FINDINGS: A
 heterogeneously enhancing mass measuring approximately 4.5 cm in 
craniocaudal extent, 3.2 cm in transverse extent, and 3.7 cm in the 
anteroposterior dimension is identified in the right parapharyngeal 
space. The mass extends superiorly to involve the right tonsillar fossa 
and displaces the right palatine tonsil medially. The mass also extends 
posteriorly, causing mild compression of the right oropharyngeal wall. 
No definite invasion into adjacent structures is noted. There is no 
evidence of significant cervical lymphadenopathy. A few small, 
nonspecific lymph nodes measuring up to 6 mm in short-axis diameter are 
seen in the right level II and III neck regions. These nodes are not 
definitively pathologic but warrant clinical correlation. The larynx and
 bilateral submandibular glands appear unremarkable. The parotid glands 
demonstrate normal morphology and enhancement. Mild mucosal thickening 
is observed in the ethmoid sinuses, consistent with sinus disease. No 
supraclavicular masses or abnormalities are seen. The visualized base of
 the skull and brain appear unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Heterogeneously 
enhancing mass in the right parapharyngeal space extending to the right 
tonsillar fossa and causing mild compression of the right oropharyngeal 
wall. The findings raise concern for a neoplastic process, and further 
evaluation with biopsy is recommended. Nonspecific small right cervical 
lymph nodes in levels II and III, which warrant clinical correlation. 
Mild ethmoid sinus disease.