EXAM:
 Noncontrast and postcontrast MRI of the neckEXAM DATE: __ COMPARISON: 
CT neck scan dated __. HISTORY: Patient presenting with a right neck 
mass. Previous fine-needle aspiration with temporary resolution, but now
 recurring. TECHNIQUE: A skin marker is placed over the area of 
interest. The following sequences were obtained: coronal T1, coronal T2 
inversion recovery, sagittal T1, sagittal T2 inversion recovery, axial 
T1, and axial T2 inversion recovery. After the intravenous injection of 
16 ml Dotarem, postcontrast axial, sagittal, and coronal T1-weighted 
images were acquired. FINDINGS: The skin marker is positioned at the 
mid-right side of the neck, where a subcutaneous, T2-hyperintense nodule
 is identified. The nodule exhibits a mildly lobulated contour and 
measures approximately 1.5 cm in craniocaudal dimension. Comparing axial
 images with the prior CT neck scan from __, this finding corresponds to
 a lymph node situated lateral to the sternocleidomastoid muscle and 
just below the level of the submandibular glands. The lymph node has 
increased in size since the previous examination. No other significant 
lymphadenopathy is observed in the neck. Dental metal artifacts are 
noted. The nodule demonstrates moderate enhancement. No evidence of mass
 or fluid collection is identified. IMPRESSION: A mildly lobulated, 1.5 
cm subcutaneous lymph node is identified in the area of palpable 
abnormality on the right side of the neck, lateral to the 
sternocleidomastoid muscle. This lymph node has increased in size 
compared to the prior CT neck scan from __. Further evaluation, such as 
repeat fine-needle aspiration or biopsy, is recommended to determine the
 etiology of the increase in size. No significant fluid collection or 
mass is seen in the right neck region. No additional evidence of 
lymphadenopathy or mass lesions in the neck.