EXAM:
 MRI NECK WITHOUT CONTRAST CLINICAL INDICATION: The patient presents 
with left-sided neck discomfort and a newly noticed swelling in the left
 neck region. TECHNIQUE: The MRI examination was performed using coronal
 T1 and T2-weighted sequences, sagittal T1 and T2-weighted sequences, 
and axial T2 sequences, without intravenous contrast administration. No 
prior studies are available for comparison. FINDINGS: A skin marker is 
located on the left side of the neck at the level of the C5/6 
intervertebral disc space. The cervical spine alignment appears normal. 
Vertebral bodies demonstrate preserved signal and height. Intervertebral
 disc spaces exhibit normal height, with moderate disc desiccation at 
C5/6 and C6/7 levels. There are mild disc-osteophyte complexes present 
at C5/6 and C6/7. Facet joints appear normal, and no spinal canal or 
foraminal stenosis is observed. The visualized spinal cord and posterior
 fossa display normal signal and contour, with no evidence of intra- or 
extradural mass lesions. A heterogeneous T1 and T2 hyperintense mass is 
identified in the left anterior cervical space, adjacent to the 
sternocleidomastoid muscle. The mass measures approximately 2.8 x 1.8 x 
4.2 cm in AP, lateral, and craniocaudal dimensions, respectively. The 
mass shows a predominantly fluid signal, suggesting a possible cystic 
lesion. Further evaluation with a contrast-enhanced CT or MRI may be 
considered to clarify the nature of the lesion and rule out any solid 
components, which could indicate neoplasia or inflammation. The 
remaining cervical soft tissues appear normal. IMPRESSION: A 2.8 x 1.8 x
 4.2 cm predominantly fluid-filled mass in the left anterior cervical 
space, possibly representing a cystic lesion. Given the patient's 
left-sided neck discomfort, further evaluation with a contrast-enhanced 
CT or MRI may be considered to characterize the lesion and exclude any 
solid component suggestive of neoplasia or inflammation.