MRI
 ABDOMEN AND PELVIS FOR EVALUATION OF THE PROSTATECLINICAL HISTORY: The 
patient is a 66-year-old male with elevated PSA levels and a history of 
prostate cancer. A multiparametric prostate MRI was performed to assess 
the possibility of prostate cancer recurrence. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, 
multisequence MRI of the abdomen and pelvis was performed, including 
diffusion, T2, and dynamic contrast-enhanced (DCE) imaging of the 
prostate. The post-contrast images were obtained following the 
uneventful intravenous administration of 7 mL of gadobutrol (Gadavist) 
gadolinium-containing contrast. FINDINGS: The prostate gland measures 
4.3 x 4.8 x 4.7 cm (volume 47 mL). A focal area of T2 hypointensity is 
seen in the right mid-gland, measuring approximately 12 x 11 mm in 
diameter. The area shows restricted diffusion on the ADC map, with a 
value of 798 x 10^-3 mm^2/s. The dynamic contrast-enhanced (DCE) 
characteristics show focal enhancing lesion with washout kinetics in the
 right mid-gland, with a PI-RADS v2 score of 5. No other suspicious 
lesions or abnormal signal intensity are seen in the peripheral zone of 
the prostate gland. IMPRESSION: Based on the above findings, a focal 
area of T2 hypointensity with restricted diffusion and washout kinetics 
on DCE suggests the presence of clinically significant cancer in the 
right mid-gland with a PI-RADS v2 score of 5. This finding may indicate 
the possibility of prostate cancer recurrence and requires further 
evaluation and monitoring. The patient will be advised for additional 
biopsy and follow-up by their urologist.