MRI
 ABDOMEN AND PELVIS FOR EVALUATION OF THE PROSTATECLINICAL HISTORY: The 
patient is a 60-year-old male with a history of prostate cancer and 
elevated PSA. The multiparametric prostate MRI was performed to monitor 
the known prostate cancer. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, multisequence MRI of 
the abdomen and pelvis was performed, including diffusion, T2, and 
dynamic contrast-enhanced (DCE) imaging of the prostate. The 
post-contrast images were obtained following the uneventful intravenous 
administration of 8 mL of gadobutrol (Gadavist) gadolinium-containing 
contrast. COMPARISON: ( )FINDINGS: The prostate gland is mildly enlarged
 measuring 4.2 x 4.8 x 4.7 cm (volume 42 mL). There are no suspicious 
lesions or abnormal signal intensity in the peripheral zone of the 
prostate gland. However, a small focal area of low T2 signal intensity 
is seen in the right transition zone measuring approximately 6 mm in 
diameter, which has increased in size compared to the prior study. The 
area shows restricted diffusion on the ADC map, with a value of 912 x 
10^-3 mm^2/s. In addition, there is a focal area of T2 hypointensity in 
the left base peripheral zone, measuring approximately 7 mm in diameter,
 which has remained stable. The ADC value for this area is 1235 x 10^-3 
mm^2/s. The dynamic contrast-enhanced (DCE) characteristics show 
diffusely enhancing area with plateau-type kinetics in the right 
transition zone, with a PI-RADS v2 score of 4. On the other hand, the 
left base peripheral zone has mildly enhancing area with gradual wash-in
 and washout kinetics, with a PI-RADS v2 score of 3. IMPRESSION: Based 
on the above findings, there is no evidence of suspicious lesions or 
significant changes in the peripheral zone of the prostate gland 
compared to the prior study. However, the small focal area of low T2 
signal intensity in the right transition zone has increased in size 
compared to the prior study, with a PI-RADS v2 score of 4. This suggests
 a possible progression of the previously diagnosed prostate cancer in 
the right transition zone, requiring further evaluation and monitoring. 
The patient will be advised for additional biopsy and follow-up by their
 urologist.