MRI
 ABDOMEN AND PELVIS FOR EVALUATION OF THE PROSTATECLINICAL HISTORY: A 
69-year-old male patient with an elevated PSA of 4.5 has undergone a 
multiparametric prostate MRI for biopsy planning. COMPARISON: There are 
no previous scans for comparison. FINDINGS: The prostate is found to be 
enlarged, measuring 4.4 x 5.3 x 4.6 cm, with a volume of 56 mL. Three 
lesions have been identified. Lesion L1 is located in the left anterior 
transition zone at the mid gland, not crossing the midline, and measures
 10 x 9 mm. The lesion appears as a focal heterogeneously, moderately T2
 hypointense lesion with circumscribed margins. There is no definite 
extra-prostatic extension or invasive behavior observed. The 
neurovascular bundles are not involved. The lesion has a PI-RADS v1 T2 
score of 2 and a PI-RADS v2 T2 score of 3. The DWI/ADC values show an 
ADC region of interest value of 984 x10 -3 mm 2/s, with a PI-RADS v1 
DWI/ADC score of 5 and a PI-RADS v2 DWI/ADC score of 3. The DCE results 
show a PI-RADS v1 DCE score of 3 and a PI-RADS v2 DCE score of positive.
 The overall PI-RADS v1 Lesion Summary Score is 4, and the PI-RADS v2 
Lesion Summary Score is 3. Lesion R1 is located in the right anterior to
 posterolateral peripheral zone at the mid gland, not crossing the 
midline, and measures 11 x 7 mm. The lesion appears as a focal 
heterogeneously, mildly T2 hypointense lesion with circumscribed 
margins. There is no definite extra-prostatic extension or invasive 
behavior observed. The neurovascular bundles are not involved. The 
lesion has a PI-RADS v1 T2 score of 1 and a PI-RADS v2 T2 score of 2. 
The DWI/ADC values show an ADC region of interest value of 1067 x10 -3 
mm 2/s, with a PI-RADS v1 DWI/ADC score of 5 and a PI-RADS v2 DWI/ADC 
score of 3. The DCE results show a PI-RADS v1 DCE score of 2 and a 
PI-RADS v2 DCE score of negative. The overall PI-RADS v1 Lesion Summary 
Score is 3, and the PI-RADS v2 Lesion Summary Score is 2. Lesion R2 is 
located in the right posterolateral peripheral zone at the base, not 
crossing the midline, and measures 8 x 5 mm. The lesion appears as an 
ovoid heterogeneously, moderately T2 hypointense lesion with partially 
circumscribed, partially indistinct margins. There is no definite 
extra-prostatic extension or invasive behavior observed. The 
neurovascular bundles are not involved. The lesion has a PI-RADS v1 T2 
score of 3 and a PI-RADS v2 T2 score of 3. The DWI/ADC values show an 
ADC region of interest value of 1037 x10 -3 mm 2/s, with a PI-RADS v1 
DWI/ADC score of 5 and a PI-RADS v2 DWI/ADC score of 4. The DCE results 
show a PI-RADS v1 DCE score of 2 and a PI-RADS v2 DCE LCA continue score
 of negative. The overall PI-RADS v1 Lesion Summary Score is 4, and the 
PI-RADS v2 Lesion Summary Score is 4. The peripheral zone of the 
prostate demonstrates uniform high signal intensity on T2 without 
additional abnormalities on diffusion or postcontrast imaging, 
suggesting it is likely benign. The central gland exhibits a 
well-encapsulated whorled appearance, consistent with benign prostatic 
hyperplasia, also indicating that it is likely benign. Examining the 
remaining abdomen and pelvis, the lung bases are clear, and no pleural 
or pericardial effusions are observed. The liver appears normal in 
morphology and signal intensity, with no focal liver lesions identified.
 Conventional hepatic arterial anatomy is present, and the hepatic, 
portal, and superior mesenteric veins are patent. No intra- or 
extrahepatic biliary dilatation is present, and the gallbladder is 
normal without gallstones. The pancreas, adrenal glands, and spleen are 
normal. Bilateral small renal cysts are noted, measuring up to 17 mm in 
the right kidney, with no solid mass or hydronephrosis observed. The 
bowel appears normal. The bladder is trabeculated, consistent with 
chronic bladder outlet obstruction and diverticulosis. The visualized 
aorta is normal in caliber, and the IVC is patent. No enlarged lymph 
nodes are detected in the abdomen or pelvis, and no free fluid is seen 
in the abdomen or pelvis. Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine 
are noted. IMPRESSION: Lesion L1 in the mid region of the central gland 
of the prostate is suspicious for prostate cancer, with a PI-RADSv1 
category 4 and PI-RADSv2 category 3. Lesion R1 in the mid region of the 
central gland of the prostate is equivocal for prostate cancer, with a 
PI-RADSv1 category 3 and PI-RADSv2 category 2. Lesion R2 in the base of 
the peripheral zone of the prostate is suspicious for prostate cancer, 
with a PI-RADSv1 category 4 and PI-RADSv2 category 4.