MRI
 ABDOMEN AND PELVIS FOR EVALUATION OF THE PROSTATECLINICAL HISTORY: A 
72-year-old male patient with an elevated PSA of 6.1 has undergone a 
multiparametric prostate MRI for biopsy planning and treatment guidance.
 COMPARISON: There are no previous scans for comparison. FINDINGS: The 
prostate measures 3.8 x 4.6 x 3.9 cm, with a volume of 42 mL. Two 
lesions have been identified. Lesion L1 is located in the left posterior
 peripheral zone at the mid gland, not crossing the midline, and 
measures 12 x 8 mm. The lesion appears as a moderately T2 hypointense 
lesion with irregular margins. No definite extra-prostatic extension or 
invasive behavior is observed, and the neurovascular bundles are not 
involved. The lesion has a PI-RADS v2 T2 score of 4 and a DWI/ADC score 
of 4. The DCE score is positive. The overall PI-RADS v2 Lesion Summary 
Score is 4. Lesion R1 is located in the right transition zone at the 
apex, not crossing the midline, and measures 6 x 4 mm. The lesion 
appears as a mildly T2 hypointense lesion with circumscribed margins. 
There is no definite extra-prostatic extension or invasive behavior 
observed, and the neurovascular bundles are not involved. The lesion has
 a PI-RADS v2 T2 score of 2 and a DWI/ADC score of 3. The DCE score is 
negative. The overall PI-RADS v2 Lesion Summary Score is 3. The 
peripheral and central zones of the prostate appear normal, with no 
additional abnormalities detected. Examining the remaining abdomen and 
pelvis, the lung bases, liver, pancreas, adrenal glands, spleen, bowel, 
and vasculature appear normal. The gallbladder is normal without 
gallstones. Bilateral renal cysts are noted, measuring up to 12 mm in 
the left kidney, with no solid mass or hydronephrosis observed. The 
bladder is trabeculated, consistent with chronic bladder outlet 
obstruction. No enlarged lymph nodes or free fluid are detected in the 
abdomen or pelvis. IMPRESSION: Lesion L1 in the left posterior 
peripheral zone of the prostate is suspicious for prostate cancer, with a
 PI-RADSv2 category 4. Lesion R1 in the right transition zone of the 
prostate is equivocal for prostate cancer, with a PI-RADSv2 category 3.