CLINICAL
 HISTORY: A 45-year-old female patient presents with a history of 
chronic right shoulder pain and recent trauma. COMPARISON: No previous 
imaging is available for comparison. TECHNIQUE: An MRI of the right 
shoulder was performed using a 1.5T magnet. Pre-and post-contrast 
multiplanar multi-sequence T1 and T2 weighted images were obtained 
before and after administration of 7 mL of Gadavist contrast material. 
FINDINGS: The study is of adequate quality without significant patient 
motion. Mild degenerative changes are observed within the 
acromioclavicular joint. There is no significant contact between the 
acromion and the humeral head. Minimal fluid is seen within the 
subacromial and subdeltoid bursa, and a small glenohumeral joint 
effusion is present. The rotator cuff tendons appear intact without 
evidence of tearing. The bicipital groove is of normal depth, and the 
biceps tendon appears intact. Evaluation of the labrum is limited by the
 lack of joint fluid, but there is no clear evidence of tearing. The 
articular cartilage of the humeral head and glenoid appears to be 
preserved, without significant irregularity. There are no areas of 
pathologic enhancement or bone marrow edema to suggest an acute fracture
 or metastatic disease. The visualized musculature and surrounding soft 
tissues are unremarkable. IMPRESSION: Mild degenerative changes in the 
acromioclavicular joint and minimal fluid in the subacromial and 
subdeltoid bursa. Small glenohumeral joint effusion. No evidence of 
rotator cuff tear, labral tear, or acute fracture. The study is 
otherwise unremarkable. I have personally reviewed the images for this 
examination and agree with the report transcribed above.45-year-old 
female presenting with left shoulder pain and stiffness, suspecting 
adhesive capsulitis.