HISTORY:
 The patient is a 53-year-old female presenting with right shoulder 
pain, with a request to evaluate for synovitis. COMPARISON: No prior 
studies are available for comparison. TECHNIQUE: A 3T MRI of the right 
shoulder was performed, including axial, coronal, and sagittal sequences
 with proton density fat saturation and T1- and T2-weighted images. 
FINDINGS: The MRI reveals minimal degenerative changes in the 
acromioclavicular joint. There is a small amount of fluid in the 
subacromial subdeltoid bursa and a moderate-sized glenohumeral joint 
effusion with synovitis. Mild bursal-sided fraying and tendinopathy of 
the distal supraspinatus tendon are seen, with punctate T2 
hyperintensity at its insertion but no discrete tear. Mild tendinopathy 
of the subscapularis tendon is also noted. The remainder of the rotator 
cuff appears unremarkable. The intra-articular biceps tendon 
demonstrates minimal tendinopathy, while the extra-articular biceps 
tendon appears normal in location and appearance. A small paralabral 
cyst is adjacent to the anterosuperior labrum, measuring 5 x 3 x 2 mm, 
with associated tearing and partial detachment of the anterior and 
anteroinferior labrum. Mild degeneration of the posterior labrum is 
present as well. Mild subchondral cystic changes are seen in the 
anteroinferior glenoid, and minimal cystic change of the humeral head 
insertion of the interest in this tendon is observed. Linear signal 
subjacent to the superior humeral head cartilage, measuring 13 x 8 mm, 
is consistent with cartilage delamination. Cartilage thinning is also 
noted over the anteroinferior glenoid. No pathologically enlarged lymph 
nodes are identified, and muscle bulk and signal intensity appear within
 normal limits. IMPRESSION: Tearing and partial detachment of the 
anterior and inferior labrum with an adjacent small paralabral cyst. 
Cartilage delamination over the superior humeral head. Moderate 
glenohumeral joint effusion with synovitis.