CLINICAL
 HISTORY: A 38-year-old male with a history of recurrent right shoulder 
dislocations presenting with persistent right shoulder pain and 
instability. COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: An MRI of the right 
shoulder was performed using a 3T magnet. Multiplanar multi-sequence T1 
and T2 weighted images were obtained before and after administration of 6
 mL of Gadavist contrast material. FINDINGS: The acromioclavicular joint
 shows no significant degenerative change or joint effusion. The 
coracoacromial ligament appears normal. Increased signal is seen within 
the subacromial/subdeltoid bursa, indicating mild bursitis. No 
significant glenohumeral joint effusion is noted. Rotator cuff 
evaluation reveals a moderate-sized full-thickness tear involving the 
supraspinatus tendon, with mild tendon retraction. The infraspinatus and
 subscapularis tendons appear intact, while the teres minor tendon shows
 mild tendinopathy. The biceps tendon is normally positioned within the 
bicipital groove and demonstrates normal signal intensity. No 
significant biceps tendon or anchor pathology is identified. The labrum 
shows a complex tear involving the anterosuperior and posterosuperior 
regions, consistent with a SLAP tear. No other significant labral 
pathology is observed. Articular cartilage appears well-preserved. The 
bone marrow signal intensity is unremarkable, with no evidence of 
pathologic enhancement within the shoulder osseous structures or 
musculature. No other abnormalities are identified within the visualized
 soft tissues or osseous structures. IMPRESSION: Full-thickness tear of 
the supraspinatus tendon with mild retraction. Complex SLAP tear 
involving the anterosuperior and posterosuperior labrum. Mild teres 
minor tendinopathy. Mild subacromial/subdeltoid bursitis. No evidence of
 metastatic disease or other significant osseous or soft tissue 
abnormalities is identified.