PROCEDURE:
 MRI of the lumbosacral spine without/with IV contrast. INDICATION: 
Radiculopathy post L3-L4 fusion, question incomplete fusion. Persistent 
symptoms. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar and multi-sequence 
imaging of the lumbosacral spine without/with intravenous contrast using
 a 1.5T MRI scanner. FINDINGS: Postoperative findings of posterior 
interbody spinal fusion at L3-L4 noted. The L3-L4 disk is preserved. 
Enhancing peridural fibrosis noted at L3-L4 level moderately deforming 
the thecal sac with dominant extrinsic impression on the left lateral 
thecal sac. Non-enhancing cystic foci noted along the posterior elements
 representing small pseudomeningoceles. Postoperative fusion and 
laminectomy noted at L5-S1 level with osseous fusion anteriorly. Osseous
 hypertrophy of the posterior elements noted at L5 and S1. Lumbar 
lordosis is decreased. Multilevel endplate, disk, and facet degenerative
 changes noted. Conus medullaris terminates at approximately mid L1 
vertebral body level. L1-L2 shows mild broad-based disc bulging 
contributing to mild bilateral neuroforamina narrowing. Spinal canal is 
grossly patent. L2-L3 shows mild non-enhancing bi foraminal broad-based 
disk bulging contributing to mild bilateral neural foramina narrowing. 
Spinal canal is patent. No significant thecal sac deformity noted. L3-L4
 level shows postoperative findings with partial fusion anteriorly with 
linear hyperintense signal in the remaining intervertebral disk space. 
Spinal canal and foramina are patent. No gross thecal sac deformity 
noted. Bilateral laminectomies noted. L4-L5 level shows moderate disk 
desiccation and height loss. Extraforaminal focal annular tears noted on
 both sides. Spinal canal and foramina are patent. L5-S1 level shows 
postoperative findings with osseous fusion anteriorly. Spinal canal and 
foramina are patent. No gross thecal sac deformity. Bilateral 
laminectomies noted. No suspicious prevertebral or posterior paraspinal 
soft tissue signal abnormality noted. Mild subchondral sclerosis of the 
included sacroiliac joints noted. Incidental note of overdistended 
bladder. IMPRESSION: Postoperative findings of posterior spinal 
interbody fusion at L3-L4 level. L3-L4 shows mild non-enhancing bi 
foraminal broad-based disk bulging contributing to mild bilateral neural
 foramina narrowing. No significant thecal sac deformity. Non-enhancing 
cystic foci noted along the posterior elements representing small 
pseudomeningoceles. Postoperative fusion and laminectomy noted at L5-S1 
levels with osseous fusion anteriorly. Osseous hypertrophy of the 
posterior elements noted at L5 and S1. L4-L5 level shows moderate disk 
desiccation and height loss. Extraforaminal focal annular tears noted on
 both sides. Spinal canal and foramina are patent. Note that the 
stability of findings cannot be determined in the absence of prior 
imaging for comparison/correlation. Correlation with prior imaging is 
advised to document stability of findings described.