CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 45-year-old female presenting with chronic back pain and a 
history of rheumatoid arthritis. Assess for any degenerative changes. 
COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar, multisequence MRI of the 
cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine performed using a 3 Tesla scanner. 
Pre- and post-contrast images were obtained after administering 7 mL of 
Gadavist. The following sequences were used: sagittal T1, sagittal T2, 
sagittal STIR, axial T1, axial T2, and post-contrast axial and sagittal 
T1-weighted sequences with fat saturation. FINDINGS: The vertebral 
alignment throughout the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine is 
maintained. No evidence of abnormal bone marrow signal or infiltration 
is noted in the visualized vertebral bodies. In the cervical spine, 
there is mild multilevel degenerative disc disease with disc desiccation
 and small anterior osteophytes at C4-C5, C5-C6, and C6-C7 levels. No 
significant spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis is seen in the 
cervical spine. No cord signal abnormality is identified. The thoracic 
spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with Schmorl's nodes at 
T6-T7 and T8-T9 levels. No significant spinal canal or neural foraminal 
stenosis is seen. No cord signal abnormality is present. In the lumbar 
spine, there is moderate degenerative disc disease with disc 
desiccation, disc space narrowing, and moderate-sized anterior 
osteophytes at L4-L5 and L5-S1 levels. Mild spinal canal stenosis is 
noted at L4-L5, predominantly due to ligamentum flavum hypertrophy and 
facet joint arthropathy. No significant neural foraminal stenosis is 
identified. Paraspinal and prevertebral soft tissues appear 
unremarkable. No abnormal enhancing lesions or masses are seen. The 
conus medullaris terminates at the T12-L1 level and appears normal in 
morphology and signal intensity. IMPRESSION: Mild multilevel 
degenerative disc disease in the cervical spine with small anterior 
osteophytes at C4-C5, C5-C6, and C6-C7 levels. No significant spinal 
canal or neural foraminal stenosis. Mild degenerative changes in the 
thoracic spine with Schmorl's nodes at T6-T7 and T8-T9 levels. Moderate 
degenerative disc disease in the lumbar spine with mild spinal canal 
stenosis at L4-L5 secondary to ligamentum flavum hypertrophy and facet 
joint arthropathy. No significant neural foraminal stenosis. No evidence
 of metastatic or inflammatory disease.