CLINICAL
 HISTORY: A 63-year-old female presents with progressive back pain, 
bilateral lower extremity numbness, and weakness. The purpose of this 
examination is to assess for potential spinal pathology. COMPARISON: 
None. PROCEDURE: An MRI of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine was 
performed before and after administration of 8 mL IV Gadavist contrast 
at 3 Tesla. Sagittal T2, STIR, T1, axial T2, and postcontrast axial and 
sagittal T1 sequences were obtained. FINDINGS: The alignment of the 
spine is normal. Diffuse degenerative changes are seen throughout the 
cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine, with disc desiccation, disc space 
narrowing, and osteophyte formation. Multilevel Schmorl's nodes are 
observed, particularly in the thoracic spine. A focal area of abnormal 
signal intensity and enhancement is noted within the T9 vertebral body, 
suspicious for an infiltrative lesion. This lesion causes moderate 
spinal canal stenosis and mild compression of the spinal cord without 
cord signal abnormality. Adjacent to the T9 lesion, there is a mild 
anterolisthesis of T8 on T9, causing additional spinal canal narrowing. 
The spinal cord and conus medullaris appear normal without any signal 
abnormalities or enhancement, apart from the mild compression at the T9 
level. Moderate to severe bilateral neural foraminal stenosis is 
observed at multiple levels in the cervical spine, secondary to a 
combination of uncovertebral joint hypertrophy, facet joint arthropathy,
 and disc bulges. The visualized extra-vertebral soft tissues appear 
unremarkable, and no abnormal enhancement is noted. IMPRESSION: Focal 
lesion within the T9 vertebral body, suspicious for an infiltrative 
process such as metastasis or infection, causing moderate spinal canal 
stenosis and mild compression of the spinal cord. Further evaluation 
with additional imaging or biopsy is recommended. Multilevel 
degenerative changes throughout the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar 
spine, with moderate to severe bilateral neural foraminal stenosis at 
multiple cervical levels. Mild anterolisthesis of T8 on T9, contributing
 to spinal canal narrowing. No other significant spinal canal or neural 
foraminal stenosis.