CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 49-year-old female with chronic lower back pain and numbness 
in both legs. TECHNIQUE: Multiplanar MR imaging of the cervical, 
thoracic, and lumbar spine was performed using a 3 Tesla magnet, both 
before and after the uneventful intravenous administration of 14 mL 
Dotarem using multiple pulse sequences including sagittal T1, sagittal 
T2, sagittal STIR, axial T1, axial T2, and post-contrast axial and 
sagittal fat-saturated T1-weighted sequences. COMPARISON: None FINDINGS:
 Alignment of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine is maintained. 
Cervical Spine: The cervical vertebrae show normal signal intensity. No 
focal lesions or abnormal enhancement is observed. Intervertebral discs 
demonstrate age-appropriate degenerative changes. The cervical spinal 
cord is unremarkable in signal intensity and caliber. There is no 
significant foraminal narrowing or spinal canal stenosis. Thoracic 
Spine: The thoracic vertebrae show normal signal intensity, and no focal
 lesions are identified. Mild degenerative changes are present in the 
thoracic spine. No significant spinal canal stenosis or foraminal 
narrowing is observed. Lumbar Spine: Multilevel degenerative disc 
disease is observed in the lumbar spine. There is disc desiccation and 
loss of height at L3/4, L4/5, and L5/S1 levels. A broad-based disc bulge
 is present at L3/4 and L4/5, causing mild central canal stenosis and 
mild bilateral foraminal narrowing. At the L5/S1 level, there is a 
broad-based disc bulge with a superimposed left paracentral disc 
protrusion, causing moderate left foraminal narrowing and mild central 
canal stenosis. The facet joints demonstrate mild hypertrophic changes. 
The conus medullaris terminates at the L1 level and appears normal in 
signal and morphology. dIMPRESSION: Multilevel degenerative disc disease
 in the lumbar spine with disc desiccation and loss of height at L3/4, 
L4/5, and L5/S1 levels. Broad-based disc bulge at L3/4 and L4/5, causing
 mild central canal stenosis and mild bilateral foraminal narrowing. 
Broad-based disc bulge with a superimposed left paracentral disc 
protrusion at L5/S1, causing moderate left foraminal narrowing and mild 
central canal stenosis. Mild hypertrophic changes in the facet joints.