CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 52-year-old male presenting with lower back pain, bilateral 
leg pain, and sensory deficits in the lower extremities. TECHNIQUE: 
Multiplanar MR imaging of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine was 
performed using a 1.5 Tesla magnet, both before and after the uneventful
 intravenous administration of 8.3 mL of Gadavist contrast agent, using 
multiple pulse sequences including sagittal T1, sagittal T2, sagittal 
STIR, axial T1, axial T2, and post-contrast axial and sagittal 
fat-saturated T1-weighted sequences. COMPARISON: None FINDINGS: 
Alignment of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine is maintained. 
Cervical Spine: The cervical vertebrae demonstrate normal signal 
intensity, and no focal lesions or abnormal enhancement are identified. 
Mild degenerative changes are present in the cervical spine. No 
significant foraminal narrowing or spinal canal stenosis is observed. 
The cervical spinal cord is unremarkable in signal intensity and 
caliber. Thoracic spine: The thoracic vertebrae show normal signal 
intensity, and no focal lesions are identified. Mild degenerative 
changes are present in the thoracic spine. No significant spinal canal 
stenosis or foraminal narrowing is observed. Lumbar spine: Multilevel 
degenerative disc disease is observed in the lumbar spine. There is disc
 desiccation and loss of height at L4/5 and L5/S1 levels. A large left 
paracentral disc extrusion is present at the L4/5 level, causing 
significant compression of the left L5 nerve root and moderate central 
canal stenosis. Mild bilateral foraminal narrowing is also observed at 
L4/5. At the L5/S1 level, there is a broad-based disc bulge causing mild
 bilateral foraminal narrowing and mild central canal stenosis. The 
facet joints demonstrate mild hypertrophic changes. The conus medullaris
 terminates at the L1 level and appears normal in signal and morphology.
 IMPRESSION: Multilevel degenerative disc disease in the lumbar spine 
with disc desiccation and loss of height at L4/5 and L5/S1 levels. Large
 left paracentral disc extrusion at L4/5 causing significant compression
 of the left L5 nerve root, moderate central canal stenosis, and mild 
bilateral foraminal narrowing. Broad-based disc bulge at L5/S1 causing 
mild bilateral foraminal narrowing and mild central canal stenosis. Mild
 hypertrophic changes in the facet joints.