HISTORY:
 Patient presenting with left shoulder pain and stiffness, suspecting 
possible rotator cuff pathology.COMPARISON: No prior studies are 
available for comparison. TECHNIQUE: A 3T MRI of the right shoulder was 
performed, including axial, coronal, and sagittal sequences with proton 
density fat saturation, and T1- and T2-weighted images.FINDINGS: Mild 
degenerative changes were noted in the acromioclavicular joint with 
slight joint space narrowing. Mild fluid accumulation was observed 
within the subacromial/subdeltoid bursa, suggesting bursitis. A small 
glenohumeral joint effusion was present. The supraspinatus tendon 
exhibited mild tendinopathy with increased signal intensity and 
thickening. No full-thickness tear was identified. Infraspinatus, 
subscapularis, and teres minor tendons appeared unremarkable, 
demonstrating normal signal intensity without evidence of tears. The 
long head of the biceps tendon was normally positioned within the 
bicipital groove and displayed normal signal intensity. The biceps 
anchor appeared intact. No signs of labral tearing were observed, and 
the articular cartilage was well-preserved without significant thinning 
or defects. No significant bone marrow edema or osseous lesions were 
detected.IMPRESSION: Mild supraspinatus tendon tendinopathy, mild 
subacromial/subdeltoid bursitis, small glenohumeral joint effusion, and 
mild degenerative changes in the acromioclavicular joint. The remaining 
rotator cuff tendons, biceps tendon, and labrum appear intact.