HISTORY:
 Shoulder pain for one month. 
COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: A 1.5T MRI of the right shoulder was 
performed, including axial, coronal, and sagittal sequences with proton 
density fat saturation, and T1- and T2-weighted images.FINDINGS: There 
is moderate acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. Osseous and capsular
 distention depresses the myotendinous junction of the supraspinatus. 
There is marrow edema about the distal clavicle and acromion process. 
Normal alignment of the acromioclavicular joint with intact appearance 
of the coracoclavicular ligaments. There is no significant fluid in the 
subacromial/subdeltoid bursa. No evidence of full-thickness rotator cuff
 tear. There is supraspinatus tendinitis. Intact infraspinatus, 
subscapularis, and long head of biceps tendons. No evidence of rotator 
cuff muscle atrophy. There is normal glenohumeral joint alignment. 
Intact appearance of the labrum. No significant joint effusion or marrow
 signal abnormalities within the humeral head or glenoid. The articular 
cartilage appears preserved with no significant thinning or defects. 
Mild glenohumeral joint osteoarthritis with mild subchondral sclerosis 
and cystic changes are noted at the humeral head and glenoid. The 
axillary pouch and surrounding soft tissues are unremarkable. No 
evidence of adhesive capsulitis. The deltoid, teres major, and teres 
minor muscles appear normal in bulk and signal intensity. There is no 
evidence of muscle atrophy, denervation changes, or soft tissue masses. 
IMPRESSION: Moderate acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis with 
findings of acromioclavicular joint capsulitis. Osseous and capsular 
distention depresses the myotendinous junction of the supraspinatus. No 
evidence of full-thickness rotator cuff tear. Supraspinatus tendinitis.