CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 62-year-old male with chronic back pain. COMPARISON: None. 
TECHNIQUE: MRI of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine was performed
 without IV contrast. Sequences include sagittal T1, sagittal T2, 
sagittal STIR, axial T2, and axial T1. FINDINGS: Cervical spine: There 
is multilevel degenerative disc disease with disc space narrowing most 
pronounced at C4/C5, C5/C6, and C6/C7 levels. There is moderate to 
severe facet joint hypertrophy throughout the cervical spine. At C4/C5, 
there is a broad-based disc osteophyte complex causing mild to moderate 
central canal stenosis and mild bilateral foraminal narrowing. At C5/C6,
 there is a broad-based disc osteophyte complex with moderate central 
canal stenosis and moderate bilateral foraminal narrowing. At C6/C7, 
there is a broad-based disc osteophyte complex with mild central canal 
stenosis and moderate left and mild right foraminal narrowing. No 
significant spinal cord compression or abnormal cord signal is 
identified. Thoracic spine: Mild degenerative disc disease is noted in 
the thoracic spine without significant canal stenosis or cord 
compression. No suspicious osseous lesions are identified. Lumbar spine:
 There is multilevel degenerative disc disease with disc space narrowing
 most pronounced at L3/L4, L4/L5, and L5/S1 levels. There is moderate to
 severe facet joint hypertrophy throughout the lumbar spine. At L3/L4, 
there is a broad-based disc bulge with mild central canal stenosis and 
mild bilateral foraminal narrowing. At L4/L5, there is a broad-based 
disc bulge with moderate central canal stenosis and moderate bilateral 
foraminal narrowing. At L5/S1, there is a broad-based disc bulge with 
mild central canal stenosis and mild bilateral foraminal narrowing. The 
conus medullaris terminates at the L1 level and appears unremarkable. 
IMPRESSION: Multilevel degenerative disc disease in the cervical and 
lumbar spine with varying degrees of central canal and foraminal 
stenosis. No significant spinal cord compression is identified. Mild 
degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine without significant 
canal stenosis or cord compression. No evidence of metastatic disease or
 suspicious osseous lesions.