CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 56-year-old male with metastatic lung cancer. COMPARISON: CT 
chest, abdomen, and pelvis from __. TECHNIQUE: MRI of the cervical, 
thoracic, and lumbar spine was performed with and without IV contrast. 
Sequences include sagittal T1 with and without contrast, sagittal T2, 
sagittal STIR, axial T2, and axial T1 with contrast. 7 ml of intravenous
 Gadavist was injected. FINDINGS: Multiple osseous metastases are 
identified throughout the spine. The largest metastatic lesion is in the
 T12 vertebral body, with an associated soft tissue component extending 
into the epidural space, resulting in moderate spinal cord compression. 
The T12 vertebral body demonstrates near-complete collapse. Additional 
metastatic lesions are seen in the C5, C6, T5, T7, and L3 vertebral 
bodies, without significant spinal canal compromise or cord compression.
 No intrathecal metastases or abnormal leptomeningeal enhancement is 
identified. The conus medullaris terminates at the L1 level and appears 
unremarkable. There is no evidence of abnormal cord signal. Multilevel 
degenerative changes are noted in the lumbar spine with moderate to 
severe facet joint hypertrophy and associated mild bilateral foraminal 
narrowing at L4/L5 and L5/S1. The recent CT chest, abdomen, and pelvis 
demonstrates multiple pulmonary nodules, a large liver mass, and 
peritoneal nodules, consistent with metastatic disease.IMPRESSION: 
Multiple osseous metastases throughout the spine, with significant 
spinal cord compression at the T12 level due to the associated epidural 
soft tissue component. The patient may benefit from further evaluation 
and management, including possible surgical intervention. Additional 
osseous metastases in the C5, C6, T5, T7, and L3 vertebral bodies, 
without significant spinal canal compromise or cord compression. 
Multilevel degenerative changes in the lumbar spine with moderate to 
severe facet joint hypertrophy and mild bilateral foraminal narrowing at
 L4/L5 and L5/S1. Findings consistent with metastatic lung cancer, as 
better described on the recent CT chest, abdomen, and pelvis.