CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 68-year-old female presenting with chronic back and neck pain,
 radiculopathy symptoms. COMPARISON: None. TECHNIQUE: MRI of the 
cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine was performed without IV contrast. 
Sequences include sagittal T1, sagittal T2, sagittal STIR, axial T2, and
 axial T1. FINDINGS: Cervical spine: There is multilevel degenerative 
disc disease with disc space narrowing and disc desiccation most 
pronounced at C3/C4, C4/C5, and C5/C6 levels. Moderate to severe facet 
joint hypertrophy is present throughout the cervical spine. At C3/C4, 
there is a moderate disc osteophyte complex with associated 
uncovertebral joint hypertrophy, resulting in moderate central canal 
stenosis and moderate bilateral foraminal narrowing. At C4/C5, there is a
 broad-based disc osteophyte complex and bilateral facet joint 
hypertrophy, causing moderate central canal stenosis, severe left 
foraminal narrowing, and moderate right foraminal narrowing. At C5/C6, 
there is a broad-based disc osteophyte complex and bilateral facet joint
 hypertrophy, resulting in moderate central canal stenosis, and moderate
 bilateral foraminal narrowing. No significant spinal cord compression 
or abnormal cord signal is identified. Thoracic spine: Mild degenerative
 disc disease is noted in the thoracic spine, with Schmorl's nodes at 
multiple levels. No significant canal stenosis, cord compression, or 
suspicious osseous lesions are identified. Lumbar spine: There is 
multilevel degenerative disc disease with disc space narrowing and disc 
desiccation most pronounced at L2/L3, L4/L5, and L5/S1 levels. Moderate 
to severe facet joint hypertrophy is noted throughout the lumbar spine. 
At L2/L3, there is a broad-based disc bulge and bilateral facet joint 
hypertrophy, causing mild central canal stenosis and moderate bilateral 
foraminal narrowing. At L4/L5, there is a broad-based disc bulge, 
ligamentum flavum hypertrophy, and bilateral facet joint hypertrophy, 
resulting in moderate central canal stenosis, and severe bilateral 
foraminal narrowing. At L5/S1, there is a broad-based disc bulge and 
bilateral facet joint hypertrophy, causing mild central canal stenosis 
and moderate bilateral foraminal narrowing. The conus medullaris 
terminates at the L1 level and appears unremarkable. IMPRESSION: 
Multilevel degenerative disc disease in the cervical and lumbar spine 
with varying degrees of central canal and foraminal stenosis. No 
significant spinal cord compression is identified. Mild degenerative 
disc disease in the thoracic spine with Schmorl's nodes at multiple 
levels, without significant canal stenosis or cord compression. No 
evidence of metastatic disease or suspicious osseous lesions.