CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 45-year-old female presenting with progressive weakness in 
upper and lower extremities, along with neck and back pain. TECHNIQUE: 
Multiplanar MR imaging of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine was 
performed using a 1.5 Tesla magnet, both before and after the uneventful
 intravenous administration of 5.5 mL of Gadavist contrast agent, using 
multiple pulse sequences including sagittal T1, sagittal T2, sagittal 
STIR, axial T1, axial T2, and post-contrast axial and sagittal 
fat-saturated T1-weighted sequences. COMPARISON: None FINDINGS: 
Alignment of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine is maintained. 
Cervical Spine: The cervical vertebrae demonstrate normal signal 
intensity, and no focal lesions or abnormal enhancement are identified. 
Multilevel degenerative changes are present in the cervical spine with 
mild disc bulging and facet joint hypertrophy. No significant spinal 
canal stenosis or foraminal narrowing is observed. There are multiple 
areas of T2 hyperintensity within the cervical spinal cord, 
predominantly in the dorsal and lateral columns, which are concerning 
for demyelinating plaques. Thoracic Spine: The thoracic vertebrae show 
normal signal intensity, and no focal lesions are identified. The 
thoracic spinal cord also demonstrates multiple scattered areas of T2 
hyperintensity, consistent with demyelinating plaques. Mild degenerative
 changes are present in the thoracic spine. No significant spinal canal 
stenosis or foraminal narrowing is observed. Lumbar Spine: The lumbar 
vertebrae and intervertebral discs appear unremarkable, with no 
significant disc herniation, spinal canal stenosis, or foraminal 
narrowing. The conus medullaris terminates at the L1 level and appears 
normal in signal and morphology. IMPRESSION: Multilevel degenerative 
changes in the cervical spine with mild disc bulging and facet joint 
hypertrophy. Multiple areas of T2 hyperintensity within the cervical and
 thoracic spinal cord, predominantly in the dorsal and lateral columns, 
concerning for demyelinating plaques, such as those seen in multiple 
sclerosis or another demyelinating disorder. Unremarkable lumbar spine 
with no significant pathology identified.