HISTORY:
 72-year-old male with progressive lower back pain and a history of 
colon cancer. COMPARISON: MRI lumbar spine dated __. TECHNIQUE: 
Multiplanar, multisequence MRI of the lumbar spine was performed using a
 3 Tesla magnet. Pre- and post-contrast imaging was obtained following 
the uneventful administration of 8 mL of gadobutrol (Gadavist) IV 
contrast. FINDINGS: Diffuse L2 vertebral body sclerosis and a focal 
enhancing lesion in the right posterior aspect of the L2 vertebral body,
 measuring approximately 1.5 x 1.3 x 1.7 cm. This lesion is consistent 
with a metastatic deposit. No other suspicious enhancing lesions or 
areas of abnormal marrow signal are identified. No acute fractures are 
seen. Multilevel degenerative disc disease with loss of disc height and 
mild disc bulges at L3/4 and L4/5. The conus medullaris terminates at 
the L1-L2 level and appears unremarkable. There is no evidence of cord 
compression. Mild to moderate bilateral foraminal narrowing at L3/4 and 
L4/5 levels due to disc bulging and facet joint hypertrophy. No 
significant central canal stenosis is identified. Paraspinal soft 
tissues are unremarkable. No abnormal enhancing soft tissue masses are 
seen. IMPRESSION: Focal enhancing lesion in the right posterior aspect 
of the L2 vertebral body, consistent with metastatic deposit from the 
patient's known colon cancer. Multilevel degenerative changes in the 
lumbar spine with mild disc bulges at L3/4 and L4/5, leading to mild to 
moderate bilateral foraminal narrowing. No evidence of cord compression 
or significant central canal stenosis.