CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 56-year-old patient with right shoulder pain and limited range
 of motion, evaluate for adhesive capsulitis or rotator cuff tear. 
COMPARISON: Radiographs of the right shoulder dated __. PROCEDURE: On a 
1.5T magnet, the following MR sequences were obtained of the right 
shoulder: three-plane localizer, coronal T1, coronal T2 with fat 
saturation, sagittal T1, sagittal T2 with fat saturation, axial 
GRE/MERGE, and axial PD with fat saturation through the labrum.FINDINGS:
 Mild degenerative changes are seen in the acromioclavicular joint with 
slight capsular hypertrophy. No significant osteophytes are observed, 
and the coracoacromial ligament appears unremarkable. There is mild 
subacromial/subdeltoid bursitis, and a small glenohumeral joint effusion
 is noted without significant synovitis. In terms of the rotator cuff, 
the supraspinatus tendon shows mild tendinopathy with some undersurface 
fraying, but no full-thickness tear is present. The infraspinatus tendon
 demonstrates mild tendinopathy without any evidence of tearing. The 
subscapularis tendon exhibits mild tendinopathy as well, with no 
full-thickness defect. The teres minor tendon appears unremarkable. The 
long head of the biceps tendon is intact and appropriately positioned 
within the bicipital groove, with mild tenosynovitis. The 
intra-articular biceps tendon and anchor appear normal. Mild 
degenerative tearing is observed along the superior labrum, extending 
both anteriorly and posteriorly. Mild chondral thinning is seen in the 
glenohumeral joint, more pronounced on the humeral head and glenoid. 
There is no significant bone marrow edema or other signal abnormalities.
 IMPRESSION: Mild rotator cuff tendinopathy without full-thickness 
tears, mild degenerative changes in the acromioclavicular joint, mild 
subacromial/subdeltoid bursitis, and mild glenohumeral joint chondral 
thinning. No evidence of adhesive capsulitis is seen.