HISTORY:
 A 42-year-old female presents with shoulder pain. COMPARISON: None 
available. TECHNIQUE: A 3T MRI of the right shoulder was conducted, 
using a variety of sequences, including axial proton density with fat 
saturation, axial GRE, coronal proton density with fat saturation, 
coronal T2 with fat saturation, coronal T1, sagittal T2 with fat 
saturation, and sagittal T1. FINDINGS: The MRI reveals preserved 
articular cartilage and hematopoietic bone marrow. The acromioclavicular
 joint displays mild to moderate degenerative changes, with inferior 
joint capsule hypertrophy and enthesophytes causing mass effect on the 
underlying supraspinatus tendon. The coracoacromial ligament appears 
mildly thickened. Bone marrow edema is present within the clavicle, 
likely due to osteoarthritis, but may also be indicative of early distal
 clavicular osteolysis. A small amount of fluid and edema can be seen 
within the subacromial/subdeltoid bursa, which may suggest bursitis. No 
glenohumeral joint effusion is observed. Mild tendinopathy is present in
 the supraspinatus, infraspinatus, and subscapularis tendons. The 
supraspinatus tendon also exhibits mild bursal-sided fraying. The teres 
minor tendon appears normal. The biceps tendon and anchor are intact. 
Evaluation of the labrum is limited due to lack of joint fluid. A tear 
of the superior labrum, posterosuperiorly, is identified. Incidentally 
noted are breast implants. IMPRESSION: Posterosuperior superior labral 
tear. Bone marrow edema in the clavicle, likely secondary to 
osteoarthritis but possibly due to early changes of distal clavicular 
osteolysis. Mild tendinopathy in the supraspinatus, infraspinatus, and 
subscapularis tendons. Mild to moderate degenerative changes in the 
acromioclavicular joint.