WHOLE
 BODY MRI: __CLINICAL HISTORY: 52-year-old female patient with a history
 of ovarian cancer, status post total abdominal hysterectomy and 
bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy. Currently undergoing chemotherapy. 
Assessment for metastatic disease. COMPARISON: None available. IMAGING 
TECHNIQUE: Scanner: __. Anatomical region: The area imaged included the 
skull base to mid thighs. Intravenous contrast: Gadavist. Injection 
site: Right antecubital fossa. Whole body MRI was performed using 
multisequence imaging, with postcontrast images obtained following the 
intravenous administration of 5.2 mL Gadavist. FINDINGS: Brain: No 
intracranial masses or abnormal enhancement seen. Sinuses: No 
significant sinus pathology. Neck: No cervical or supraclavicular 
lymphadenopathy identified. Chest: Lungs are clear, with no pulmonary 
nodules or masses. No pleural or pericardial effusions. No axillary, 
mediastinal, or hilar lymphadenopathy. Abdomen/Pelvis: Liver, spleen, 
pancreas, and adrenals are unremarkable, with no focal lesions or 
abnormal enhancement. Kidneys are normal in size and appearance, with no
 hydronephrosis or renal masses. No retroperitoneal, mesenteric, or 
pelvic lymphadenopathy. No abnormal fluid collections. Postsurgical 
changes related to total abdominal hysterectomy and bilateral 
salpingo-oophorectomy are seen. No evidence of local tumor recurrence or
 pelvic masses. Bowel is unremarkable. Urinary bladder appears normal. 
No free fluid in the pelvis. Muscoloskeletal: No suspicious osseous 
lesions or marrow infiltration. Normal signal characteristics of the 
bone marrow on whole body MRI. IMPRESSION: No evidence of metastatic 
disease or local tumor recurrence in the abdomen or pelvis. Postsurgical
 changes related to total abdominal hysterectomy and bilateral 
salpingo-oophorectomy.