WHOLE
 BODY MRI: __CLINICAL HISTORY: 52-year-old Female. Patient with a 
history of breast cancer, presenting for metastatic disease evaluation. 
COMPARISON: No relevant prior studies available. TECHNIQUE: 
Multi-sequence MRI of the entire body was performed. Postcontrast images
 were obtained following the uneventful intravenous administration of 
4.7 mL Gadavist. FINDINGS: BRAIN: Multiple enhancing lesions are present
 within the cerebral hemispheres bilaterally, the largest measuring 1.4 
cm in the right parietal lobe, consistent with metastatic disease. No 
significant mass effect or midline shift is noted. SINUSES: The 
paranasal sinuses are clear. NECK: Mild bilateral cervical and 
supraclavicular lymphadenopathy is identified, likely metastatic in 
nature. CHEST: The left breast demonstrates a 3.2 cm irregularly shaped 
mass with associated skin thickening and nipple retraction, consistent 
with the known primary breast malignancy. Multiple pulmonary nodules are
 seen in both lungs, the largest measuring 1.5 cm in the left lower 
lobe, concerning for metastatic disease. Mediastinal and axillary 
lymphadenopathy is also noted, suggestive of metastatic involvement. No 
pleural or pericardial effusions are identified. The thoracic aorta and 
pulmonary artery appear normal in diameter. ABDOMEN/PELVIS: 
Retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy is present. Multiple hypointense lesions
 are seen within the liver, the largest measuring 3.0 cm in the left 
lobe, consistent with metastatic involvement. The spleen, kidneys, 
pancreas, and bowel are unremarkable. The gallbladder is normal and 
without gallstones. The abdominal aorta is of normal caliber. 
MUSCULOSKELETAL: Several suspicious osseous lesions are identified 
throughout the spine, pelvis, and proximal femurs, concerning for 
metastatic disease. The largest lesion is located in the L3 vertebral 
body, measuring 2.6 cm. IMPRESSION: Widespread metastatic disease is 
identified, including multiple brain lesions, pulmonary nodules, hepatic
 involvement, osseous lesions, and lymphadenopathy in the cervical, 
supraclavicular, mediastinal, axillary, and retroperitoneal regions. 
Known primary breast malignancy in the left breast with associated skin 
thickening and nipple retraction.