WHOLE
 BODY MRI: __CLINICAL HISTORY: 64-year-old male patient with a history 
of hepatocellular carcinoma, status post partial hepatectomy. Assessment
 for metastatic disease and treatment response. COMPARISON: Whole-body 
MRI dated __. IMAGING TECHNIQUE: Whole body MRI was performed using 
multisequence imaging, with postcontrast images obtained following the 
intravenous administration of 12 mL Dotarem.FINDINGS:The brain and 
sinuses appeared unremarkable, with no masses or abnormal enhancement. 
The cervical and supraclavicular regions were free of lymphadenopathy. 
In the chest, lungs were clear, without pulmonary nodules or masses, 
pleural or pericardial effusions, and no axillary, mediastinal, or hilar
 lymphadenopathy was observed. The abdomen showed postsurgical changes 
related to partial hepatectomy, with multiple new and enlarging 
enhancing hepatic lesions in the residual liver parenchyma, indicating 
progression of metastatic disease. The largest lesion in segment 6 
measured 4.2 x 3.8 cm, which increased from the prior examination. The 
spleen, pancreas, and adrenal glands were unremarkable. Kidneys appeared
 normal in size and morphology, with no hydronephrosis or renal masses. 
No gastrointestinal tract abnormalities were noted. Several enlarged 
retroperitoneal lymph nodes were identified, with the largest measuring 
2.2 x 1.8 cm in the para-aortic region, indicating disease progression. 
The urinary bladder and prostate appeared normal, and no pelvic 
lymphadenopathy or abnormal fluid collections were observed. 
Musculoskeletal examination revealed several new osseous lesions with 
abnormal enhancement and marrow signal changes, concerning for 
metastatic disease. The most notable lesions included the T12 vertebral 
body, measuring 1.5 x 1.3 cm, the left iliac bone, measuring 2.1 x 1.8 
cm, and the right femoral neck, measuring 1.3 x 1.1 cm. IMPRESSION: The 
findings suggest progression of metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma, 
with multiple new and enlarging hepatic lesions, enlarged 
retroperitoneal lymph nodes, and new osseous metastases involving the 
T12 vertebral body, left iliac bone, and right femoral neck. 
Postsurgical changes related to partial hepatectomy were also noted.