WHOLE
 BODY MRI: __CLINICAL HISTORY: 61-year-old patient with a known history 
of metastatic colorectal carcinoma, currently undergoing treatment. The 
study is performed for follow-up.COMPARISON: Prior MRI dated __. 
TECHNIQUE: Whole-body MRI performed utilizing multi-sequence imaging, 
including T1-weighted, T2-weighted, STIR, and post-contrast sequences. 
Post-contrast images obtained after the intravenous administration of 
4.2 mL Gadavist. FINDINGS:Right lower lobe lung nodule measures 1.5 x 
1.2 cm, previously 2.1 x 1.8 cm. No new pulmonary nodules detected. 
Primary mass located in the sigmoid colon decreased in size since the 
previous exam, now measuring 4.3 x 3.1 cm (previously 6.1 x 4.4 cm). 
Surrounding pericolonic fat stranding reduced, suggesting a favorable 
response to treatment. Multiple liver metastases identified in both 
lobes; largest lesion in segment IV measures 3.2 x 2.7 cm, previously 
4.1 x 3.5 cm. A lesion in segment VII measures 1.8 x 1.6 cm, previously 
2.5 x 2.2 cm. Retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy present, with the largest 
lymph node measuring 2.3 x 1.7 cm, previously 3.0 x 2.2 cm. No new 
suspicious lymph nodes observed. Osseous metastasis in the left ilium 
measures 2.5 x 2.0 cm, previously 3.4 x 2.7 cm. No new bone lesions 
identified. Spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys within normal 
limits and unremarkable. Bladder and rectum unremarkable without any 
significant abnormalities. IMPRESSION: All target lesions demonstrate a 
decrease in size compared to the prior study, indicating a partial 
response to treatment per RECIST criteria. No new metastatic lesions 
identified. No significant findings in other organs.