WHOLE
 BODY MRI: __CLINICAL HISTORY: 32-year-old female patient with a known 
history of tuberous sclerosis.COMPARISON: Whole-body MRI dated __. 
IMAGING TECHNIQUE: Whole body MRI was performed using multisequence 
imaging, with postcontrast images obtained following the intravenous 
administration of 12 mL Dotarem.FINDINGS:Brain: Several cortical and 
subcortical tubers in the brain, most notably in the left frontal lobe 
and right parietal lobe, along with subependymal nodules near the 
foramina of Monro. No hydrocephalus or mass effect was noted. There was 
evidence of a subependymal giant cell astrocytoma (SEGA) in the region 
of the right foramen of Monro, measuring 1.2 x 1.0 cm, which appeared 
stable when compared to the prior examination. The cerebellum, 
brainstem, and cranial nerves appeared unremarkable. No abnormal 
enhancement or restricted diffusion was noted in the brain parenchyma. 
Abdomen: The abdominal MRI revealed multiple angiomyolipomas involving 
both kidneys, with the largest lesion in the upper pole of the right 
kidney measuring 3.4 x 3.1 cm. These lesions appeared stable compared to
 the previous examination. No hydronephrosis or renal masses were 
identified. The liver showed multiple small hypointense lesions on 
T1-weighted images and hyperintense lesions on T2-weighted images, 
consistent with hepatic hamartomas. No intrahepatic or extrahepatic 
biliary duct dilation was observed. The pancreas, spleen, and adrenal 
glands appeared unremarkable. No retroperitoneal or mesenteric 
lymphadenopathy was noted. The gastrointestinal tract, urinary bladder, 
and reproductive organs were unremarkable. The musculoskeletal 
examination showed no significant abnormalities, and no suspicious 
osseous lesions were identified. IMPRESSION: The MRI findings are 
consistent with the patient's known history of tuberous sclerosis. 
Several cortical and subcortical tubers, subependymal nodules, and a 
stable SEGA were observed in the brain. The abdominal examination 
revealed multiple angiomyolipomas in both kidneys and hepatic 
hamartomas, with no significant interval change when compared to the 
prior examination. No new or concerning findings were identified.