WHOLE
 BODY MRI: __CLINICAL HISTORY: 55-year-old Male. Patient with a history 
of melanoma, presenting for metastatic disease evaluation. COMPARISON: 
No relevant prior studies available. TECHNIQUE: Multi-sequence MRI of 
the entire body was performed. Postcontrast images were obtained 
following the uneventful intravenous administration of 5.2 mL Gadavist. 
FINDINGS: BRAIN: There is a 1.2 cm enhancing lesion in the left frontal 
lobe, consistent with metastasis. No other intracranial masses or 
abnormalities are identified. SINUSES: The paranasal sinuses are clear. 
NECK: No significant cervical or supraclavicular lymphadenopathy 
identified. CHEST: Multiple pulmonary nodules are present in both lungs,
 the largest measuring 1.6 cm in the right upper lobe, suspicious for 
metastatic disease. No mediastinal or axillary lymphadenopathy is 
identified. No pleural or pericardial effusions are noted. The thoracic 
aorta and pulmonary artery appear normal in diameter. ABDOMEN/PELVIS: No
 retroperitoneal or inguinal lymphadenopathy is identified. The liver 
demonstrates several hypointense lesions, the largest measuring 2.8 cm 
in the right lobe, consistent with metastatic involvement. The spleen, 
kidneys, pancreas, and bowel are normal. Gallbladder is normal and 
without gallstones. The abdominal aorta is of normal caliber. 
MUSCULOSKELETAL: Several suspicious osseous lesions are identified, with
 the largest lesion located in the left iliac bone, measuring 3.1 cm. 
These findings are concerning for metastatic disease. IMPRESSION: 
Multiple metastatic lesions are identified, including an enhancing 
lesion in the left frontal lobe, multiple pulmonary nodules, hepatic 
lesions, and osseous involvement. No significant lymphadenopathy is 
noted.