CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 48-year-old female, Li Fraumeni syndrome-COMPARISON: No 
relevant priors available. TECHNIQUE: Coronal T1, coronal STIR, axial 
DWI, and axial T2-weighted images. Following the uneventful intravenous 
administration of 12 mL Dotarem, axial T1-weighted images were acquired.
 FINDINGS: Head/Neck: No cervical or supraclavicular lymphadenopathy is 
identified. Limited evaluation of intracranial contents reveals no 
abnormal findings. Chest: No mediastinal or axillary lymphadenopathy is 
detected. The lungs are clear, and no pulmonary masses or pleural 
effusions are evident. No pericardial effusion is noted. The thoracic 
aorta and pulmonary artery are of normal diameter. Abdomen/Pelvis: The 
liver appears normal in size and contour, with no focal hepatic masses. 
No intrahepatic biliary dilation is observed. The gallbladder is 
unremarkable and without evidence of gallstones, wall thickening, or 
pericholecystic fluid. The pancreas, spleen, and adrenal glands appear 
normal. The kidneys are symmetric in size and contour, with no evidence 
of solid renal masses or hydronephrosis. The urinary bladder is 
unremarkable. The uterus and adnexa appear normal. No pathologically 
enlarged lymph nodes are seen within the abdomen or pelvis. The 
abdominal aorta is of normal caliber. No free fluid is noted within the 
abdomen or pelvis. Musculoskeletal: A 1.3-cm T1 hypointense and T2 
hyperintense lesion is seen within the right gluteus medius muscle, 
which may represent a benign hemangioma. No other suspicious osseous or 
soft tissue lesions are identified. The upper extremities distal to the 
upper arm, and the lower extremities distal to the ankle are not 
included within the field of view and are not evaluated. IMPRESSION: No 
concerning masses. A 1.3-cm T1 hypointense and T2 hyperintense lesion in
 the right gluteus medius muscle, possibly a benign hemangioma. Consider
 follow-up imaging or further evaluation as clinically indicated. No 
significant lymphadenopathy or abnormal enhancement in the chest, 
abdomen, or pelvis.