WHOLE
 BODY MRI: __CLINICAL HISTORY: 67-year-old patient presenting with 
symptoms of polymyalgia rheumatica, including bilateral shoulder and hip
 pain, stiffness, and fatigue. COMPARISON: None available. TECHNIQUE: 
Whole-body MRI performed utilizing multi-sequence imaging, including 
T1-weighted, T2-weighted, STIR, and post-contrast sequences. 
Post-contrast images obtained after the intravenous administration of 
5.2 mL Gadavist. FINDINGS: Brain: No abnormal signal intensity or 
enhancement is identified within the brain parenchyma. The ventricular 
system and sulci are age-appropriate. The major intracranial vessels are
 unremarkable. Sinuses: Paranasal sinuses are clear and aerated. The 
mastoid air cells are well aerated, without evidence of mastoiditis. 
Neck: No significant cervical or supraclavicular lymphadenopathy 
identified. Normal thyroid gland. Major neck vessels show no significant
 stenosis or aneurysm. Chest: Lungs are clear, with no nodules, masses, 
or infiltrates. No mediastinal or axillary lymphadenopathy. No pleural 
or pericardial effusions. Thoracic aorta and pulmonary artery are normal
 in diameter. No evidence of thoracic outlet syndrome. Abdomen and 
Pelvis: Liver, spleen, kidneys, pancreas, and bowel are unremarkable. No
 retroperitoneal or inguinal lymphadenopathy. Gallbladder is normal, 
with no gallstones or wall thickening. Abdominal aorta is of normal 
caliber, and no aneurysms are identified. No free fluid in the abdominal
 or pelvic cavities. Musculoskeletal: Shoulders: Bilateral 
subacromial-subdeltoid bursal effusion and mild glenohumeral joint 
effusion are noted, consistent with inflammation related to polymyalgia 
rheumatica. No rotator cuff tears or significant tendonopathy. Mild 
acromioclavicular joint degenerative changes are seen bilaterally. Hips:
 Mild bilateral hip joint effusion and periarticular soft tissue 
inflammation are present, consistent with polymyalgia rheumatica. No 
significant femoroacetabular impingement or labral tears. Mild 
degenerative changes are seen in the hip joints. Spine: Multilevel 
degenerative disc disease and facet joint arthropathy are present in the
 cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine, without significant spinal canal 
stenosis or neural foraminal narrowing. Extremities: No osseous lesions 
or fractures are identified. No significant joint effusions or synovitis
 in the other joints. IMPRESSION: Imaging findings consistent with 
polymyalgia rheumatica, including bilateral shoulder and hip joint 
effusions, periarticular soft tissue inflammation, and 
subacromial-subdeltoid bursal effusion. Multilevel degenerative changes 
in the spine and mild degenerative changes in the hip joints. No 
evidence of malignancy or other significant abnormalities in the chest, 
abdomen, or pelvis.