MRI
 LEFT WRIST WITHOUT CONTRAST EXAM DATE: __ CLINICAL HISTORY: A 
36-year-old female with complaints of left wrist pain, swelling, and 
limited range of motion. No known history of trauma or prior surgeries. 
TECHNIQUE: A comprehensive MRI of the left wrist was performed using a 
3T scanner without the administration of contrast. FINDINGS: No bone 
fractures or dislocations are observed. The bone marrow signal is within
 normal limits, and there are no suspicious bone lesions. Additionally, 
no significant bone marrow edema or osteochondral defects are 
identified. The scapholunate, lunotriquetral, and other intercarpal 
ligaments appear intact, with no evidence of tearing or disruptions. 
Furthermore, the triangular fibrocartilage complex (TFCC) is preserved, 
and no signs of tearing or degenerative changes are noted. The cartilage
 surfaces are well maintained, and there is no indication of 
degenerative changes. The joint spaces appear well preserved, and no 
significant joint effusion is seen in the radiocarpal, midcarpal, or 
distal radioulnar joints. The extensor tendons, including the extensor 
carpi radialis longus and brevis, extensor carpi ulnaris, and extensor 
digitorum, display no signs of tears or tendinopathy. Similarly, the 
flexor tendons, including the flexor carpi radialis, flexor carpi 
ulnaris, and flexor digitorum superficialis and profundus, also appear 
normal with no evidence of inflammation, tears, or tendon sheath 
thickening. The carpal tunnel region is unremarkable, with no evidence 
of compression or abnormality of the median nerve. The flexor 
retinaculum appears intact, and no significant tenosynovitis is 
identified. The median and ulnar nerves are well visualized, with no 
evidence of compression, swelling, or abnormal signal intensity. A small
 ganglion cyst measuring approximately 1.0 x 0.6 x 0.4 cm is identified 
on the dorsal aspect of the wrist, adjacent to the scapholunate 
ligament. This finding may be the cause of the patient's discomfort and 
limited range of motion. IMPRESSION: A small ganglion cyst on the dorsal
 aspect of the left wrist, adjacent to the scapholunate ligament. 
Otherwise unremarkable MRI of the left wrist with no evidence of 
fractures, ligamentous tears, or significant degenerative changes.