CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 56-year-old male with a history of multiple myeloma, 
undergoing regular follow-up for disease monitoring. COMPARISON: No 
relevant priors available. TECHNIQUE: Whole-body multisequence MRI was 
performed. Postcontrast images were obtained following the uneventful 
intravenous administration of 15 mL Dotarem. FINDINGS: Brain: No 
intracranial masses or abnormal enhancement are observed. The paranasal 
sinuses appear unremarkable.Neck: No significant cervical or 
supraclavicular lymphadenopathy is identified. Chest: No mediastinal, 
axillary, or hilar lymphadenopathy is detected. Lungs appear clear 
without evidence of pulmonary masses, pleural effusions, or pericardial 
effusions. The thoracic aorta and pulmonary artery are of normal 
caliber. Abdomen/Pelvis: No retroperitoneal or inguinal lymphadenopathy 
is observed. The liver, spleen, pancreas, and bowel appear normal. The 
gallbladder is unremarkable and without gallstones. The abdominal aorta 
is of normal caliber. Both kidneys are unremarkable in appearance 
without hydronephrosis. Musculoskelettal: Multiple focal areas of 
abnormal T1 hypointensity and T2 hyperintensity are seen throughout the 
axial and appendicular skeleton, consistent with the known history of 
multiple myeloma. These lesions show varying degrees of enhancement 
after the administration of contrast. No significant interval change is 
noted compared to previous studies. IMPRESSION: Multiple osseous lesions
 throughout the axial and appendicular skeleton, consistent with the 
patient's known history of multiple myeloma. No significant interval 
change compared to prior studies. No additional suspicious findings in 
the brain, neck, chest, abdomen, or pelvis.