BRIEF
 HISTORY: Left wrist pain. TECHNIQUE: Neutral sitting, axial T1, axial 
T2, coronal T1, coronal T2, coronal STIR, sagittal T2. FINDINGS: There 
is no evidence of fracture or abnormal bone marrow edema. No suspicious 
bone lesions are observed. A slight negative ulnar variance is present. 
The triangular fibrocartilage complex near the radial attachment remains
 intact, and both scapholunate and lunotriquetral ligaments are 
preserved. The flexor and extensor tendons around the wrist appear 
normal. A moderate joint effusion is seen in the radiocarpal joint, 
accompanied by a 1.0 x 0.8 x 0.3 cm cystic structure on the volar aspect
 of the radiocarpal joint, likely indicative of a synovial cyst. A 4 mm 
cystic structure is located dorsally to the lunate-capitate joint and 
may represent a small ganglion cyst or synovial cyst. Osteoarthritic 
changes can be seen in the second carpometacarpal joint, including joint
 space narrowing, small marginal osteophytes, and mild joint effusion. 
No soft tissue masses are detected. Both the median and ulnar nerves 
appear unremarkable, and the carpal tunnel remains intact. A lobulated 
cystic structure measuring 2.0 x 1.0 x 0.4 cm is present on the volar 
aspect of the fourth and fifth carpometacarpal joints, possibly 
representing a ganglion cyst or synovial cyst.IMPRESSION: Slight 
negative ulnar variance without associated TFCC tear. Osteoarthritic 
changes in the second carpometacarpal joint with mild joint effusion. 
Moderate joint effusion in the radiocarpal joint with synovial cyst 
volar to the radiocarpal joint. A 4 mm cyst dorsal to the 
lunate-capitate joint, which may represent a small ganglion cyst or 
synovial cyst. A 2.0 x 1.0 x 0.4 cm lobulated cystic structure volar to 
the fourth and fifth carpometacarpal joints, which may represent a 
ganglion cyst or synovial cyst.