CLINICAL
 HISTORY: 61-year-old female with a history of systemic lupus 
erythematosus (SLE). Whole-body MRI for disease evaluation and possible 
complications. COMPARISON: Prior whole-body MRI from __. TECHNIQUE: 
Whole-body MRI was performed on a 3 Tesla scanner, covering from the 
vertex of the skull to the feet in multiple stations. Sequences 
included: sagittal T1, coronal STIR, and axial T2-weighted images. 
Following the uneventful intravenous administration of 12 mL Dotarem, 
post-contrast axial T1-weighted images with fat saturation were 
obtained. FINDINGS: Head/Neck: No abnormal enhancement or masses in the 
brain parenchyma. No evidence of cervical or supraclavicular 
lymphadenopathy. Visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells 
appear clear. Chest: Lungs are clear without evidence of consolidation 
or effusion. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No mediastinal, 
hilar, or axillary lymphadenopathy. Heart size and contour appear within
 normal limits. No pericardial effusion. Abdomen/Pelvis: Liver, spleen, 
pancreas, and adrenal glands are unremarkable without any focal lesions.
 Kidneys appear normal without hydronephrosis or solid renal masses. The
 bowel appears unremarkable without evidence of obstruction or 
inflammatory changes. No free fluid within the abdomen or pelvis. No 
pathologically enlarged lymph nodes within the abdomen or pelvis. There 
is a 2.7 cm, T2-hyperintense, mildly enhancing lesion in the posterior 
aspect of the uterus, likely representing a uterine fibroid. 
Musculoskeletal: No aggressive osseous lesions identified. Mild 
degenerative changes are noted in the lumbar spine and both hip joints. A
 small focal area of T2 hyperintensity in the right femoral head is 
suggestive of bone marrow edema, which may be secondary to mild 
avascular necrosis or inflammatory changes related to SLE. No suspicious
 soft tissue masses or significant joint effusions. IMPRESSION: No 
evidence of active systemic lupus erythematosus complications in the 
visualized organs. Mild degenerative changes in the lumbar spine and 
both hip joints. Small focus of bone marrow edema in the right femoral 
head, which may be secondary to mild avascular necrosis or inflammatory 
changes related to SLE. Clinical correlation is advised. Uterine fibroid
 in the posterior aspect of the uterus.